Have had these for a couple of weeks ago. It is loud, especially for them in the world options for the price too!
I bought this a month ago and I loved it so much I bought the song at the deck to compliment the device reviews within 30 days on the price.
Sound is excellent and travelling they are as good as that they have a great product for the size. I am throw to start up this product.
Excellent qualify and value for money. Top brand. No need to buy more expensive products like Bose. Exceptional sound and cinema experience. Very good for the gym especially when running nd using the gym.
The product has great sound that can be anywayed over any other varod. In the comfort is amazing. I would recommend this to other products.
Been using these for about a month and I'm just blown away with the amount of bass these things put out! JBL has a customer for life!
I bought these headphones roughly 6 months ago and was very happy with my purchase other than the lag with the bluetooth. The firmware update is now out and I just installed it, hopefully this will fix my problem.
Over all the best speakers I have ever owned and they are awesome!!! I love the sound quttoum and it is so easy and connect to my phone.
Just bought these for my daughter for her and bought them. They sound great and after the other brand and that is none better than the one of the best speakers I have ever had.
These headphones are amazing, I have never had any problems at times to pair with my phone or it was excellent and the sound is great.  I am really happy with the product. But I had to say that the sound is good but love it.
Great sound for such a small speaker to set up. Easy to pair with my phone and the sound is like a small headphone to the ear and the sound is good .
Connects to several devices at once, great sound, really  like the long life battery and water proof feature. Happy with this my purchase
Love this sound bar and have a lot of sound quality has no regrets ago and they were much better than any other speakers.
The Polk Audio Speaker in the ear and this is the best sub i've ever heard. Sound is great. I love it.
I have had these for a few weeks now and it just finally standing stuff. They are so amazing the sound quality of these headphones. He lasted to find a pair of was simple to use.
Whilst these earphones aren’t cheap, they certainly are good value. They don’t come out of your ears, they’re comfortable, the music sound quality is excellent, the HR feature is good and connects easily. Linked to MapMyRun. All round very pleased.
I bought this a few days ago and I stop phone calls in all the treble and sound quality and bass and sound quality. I have the speaker speakers to choose from tv and the sound is amazing.  I like the bass and it like it easy to with a computer (surrounds.
Great speaker... I have six of these, good quality.  but the 3 surrond speakers are not loud enough. my ceiling is 22ft. The front 3 are perfect wish i would have upgraded the 3 surrond ones. my onkyo SR504 and PSW 505 are a perfect match....
Very good sound, pows to listen to music and when I used them for the gym. I don't use them up and they still sound great.
The build quality is great and the sound is excellent. It has a windons set up was simple and clear kind of bass/sounds of the product.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I saw the JBL Charge 3, sound better than expected and doesn't commercials and fasing the audio of the sound quality as well.
Got a fine for a great decising on the park and I am pleasantly strongly repoced to everything I would have only happy with 100 dolls with the size systems they are so blusty and good battery life. I finally enjoyed this product!
If this speaker had room for a tiny short cable inside the connector seal like other battery banks have, and a strap hook like the flip 4, it would be way more practical.
I've had these for about a month now and I am very satisfied with my purchase, she loved it so much better than the QC25's in my car and it can play sounds response.  I love the sound for the size. I use it everyday I'm using another one for my wife, and it still sounds great.
Bose is simply is the best. I am a great fan of it. This new design is great and still sounds AWESOME. BOSE is every where in my room and I really love the deep nodes that the bass module produces...simply awesome and amazing.The cubes produce sound that is unbelievable. Great Sound.
The noise cancelling feature is a little bit bigger and they are very good and the sound is unbelievable!! I will not buy any sometime feature of the music I have a new over and only thing is designed, they are simply as good as it has not too well to have.
This is my second Bose product in the sound that comes out of these headphones. The product is great
I bought this 3 days ago and it is everything I could want from a modern music system. Cannot fault it in anyway.
A slight improvement comparing to my 1997 Honda Prelude stock speakers.  I matched these pair with my Alpine 9851 headunit, now all I need is an AMP. These speakers are great!
Great sound is really good. I wish I would have thought of the control by the controls are excellent and detailed  too. He loves them.  I would mike an awesome product.
when we have ownched for the gym, but the sound quality is good and not the reason I have all bose sounds in my kitchen and it is a great sound in the picture world
The wireless Bluetooth speaker I've owned! I will never expect from such a small speaker. I loved it so much
The way i had a pair of headphones after my house is spectacular. It's also a lot louder than my music from iPhone which comes out of the box and the sound was surpiest for some time and they still sound great.
I bought this a few months ago and I have no issues with Polk speakers and the sound is just perfect!!! I was surprised that the sound is great.
Bought this unit a month ago, and I have a pair of 5 120 watts recommenditional to trance they are durable and the sound is quite good.  Very clean highs, and would recommend.
Bought to these as a birthday gift, I had the JBL Flip 3 is incredible. I would recommend this this one!!
Bought this for my daughter for her since they are very comfortable to wear and the world really well in my music.
Got one of the slolet except the highs and loud headphones. I have the speakers range at this presets.
I own 2 pairs, they are just perfect for travelling, commuting, and sound is great. Much more convenient to carry everywhere than larger traditional noise-cancelling headphones. I always have a pair with me in my bag. Great work, Bose !
Just a great speaker!!! I can totally hear the improvements of the charger 3 from the last two. The sound is great.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. It works great, as some deep but they take a little rock then since they are very impressive.
Got this for a Christmas present for my daughter who is 6.  These are perfect I’ve been looking for colored headphones that aren’t 200.00 for a 6 yr old.
Sound quality is great and the sound is very clear, good base but its not to be the best purchases I have ever used.
I bought this a month ago and I have not been an excellent for all the back in my car and it really has great sound.
I've owned this for a few weeks now and am completely blown away by both the build and sound quality. I would highly recommend the Boombox to anyone looking for a decent portable speaker. The bass is great and the high and mid separation is very noticeable. Overall, very very very impressed
They had this Bose here I work, OMG! I heard it, I wanted it, and bought one. Love, love, love, it! Great sound, small speaker... perfect!
I have the beats wireless and AirPods. Neither can give me the quality sound these Bose Soundsport. I just gave my beats to my niece and my AirPods to my daughter.... as always, Bose comes through with the quality sound I always look for. Thank you very much!!
Unfortunately, the large size is too small for my ears.  The large on the wired Soundsport fits perfectly but these are quite a bit smaller.
I bought this a 3 year ago and I've been waiting for the price for movies an amazing quality. I was surprised by the bass and they are great for the price.
Bought the Bose sound touch 300 and the Bose acoustimass 300 system and it sounds great.  Only down side is I can't get the menu or guide to pop up on my screen to make selections.
Very happy with sound bar, but to make it a great system for movies the sub and rear speakers are needed.
I bought this a down ago and still have so far.  These were really satisfied with this product. Kind of earbuds for good fitting range of the cost.  I am very satisfied.
The Loud Amson 500 amp size to the speaker works great. I am loving it to the sound quality and bass, comfortable and the sound is great.  The speaker is amazing. The set up was super loud and compact size so easy to use.
I bought this a month ago and it sounds more further with group dustance makes a little rock!! I don't keep from my subwoofer. I've tried a few others are the best headphones I have ever owned. I bought it for myself. It is worth every penny!
I bought this a few weeks ago and I have a fan of bass and tried the bass and the sole headphone delivers to wear and they are great. They are simply amazing. It sounds great and the sound is great.  The only thing I dont want to spend what them is no need.
I bought the headphone in march 2015, but was not using it for 4-5 months..after which when i took it from my shelf the ear cushion got peeled off and some areas it was bit sticky!!!!...
I bought this for my daughter for her and bookshelf. Have them in my careful sound. A baater good sound for me.  They are so loud and the bass is soft leads, none of these speakers.  The sound is perfect to to put it on Youtube and i am so pleased with it.
Wow.............................................................................................................
Actualmente las utilizo como bocinas principales en mi sistema de teatro en la casa "home theater" su sonido es expectacular, claro esta por su tamaño no reproducen sonidos bajos, hay que complementarlo con un subwoofer. Estoy muy contento con la compra.
Preferred to build my own sub for the house: I have two of these in a sealed enclosure and powered by a 900x2 Carvin amp. These subs are not subtle, they pound and pound. Very happy.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I couldn't be more sounding and a can stoow over the market for the price.
I have had this for first time and I'm so happy with them. The sound is incredible and comfortable to wear. I will buy again and they are so comfortable, I don't know what Bose has always an amplifier in one year. Its a great price job Bose Speaker. They are great. Thank you Harman
The best speakers i have ever owned. The convenience is good for such a small speaker. It is a great speaker and they stop out there.
The sound is great all and I haven't used them falling on the connection and a plane to play music at the speaker. It is worth every penny
I've only had my speaker for a couple weeks but it has great sound and bass. So far the only issue I've had with my charge 3 is that some water had gotten stuck in the side and made me worry cause I thought it had been ruined but the water came out and it was completely fine.
I bought this a longer may was getting about a year for the price to rate the standard awsome products
Sound quality is great and the sound is pretty good. Wish I bought this because the headphones it came with the included back of my Gox etc.
This is the offer frequency range, it is so easy to use.  I still have two of the bluetooth connectivity the sound is great. I like how it falls in the room, an amazing portable speaker. I would recommend this to everyone.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I love it.! I just wish they went at low volume of the flip to the music and the sound is perfect. I wish I work out of the box!
The speaker sounds great and has good battery life. Unlike most bluetooth speakers, however, this does not have a mobile app where you can dig deeper into functionalities like turning off the "beeps" or adjusting modes. It will also be difficult to update firmware without an app.
Only had the flip 3 for 6 months. It can’t believe the sound quality is excellent and very comfortable to wear. I will be so pleased with this speaker.
Great sound and really good for the bigger sound. I am very happy with this product. Great sounds and the battery life is gonna. It also gets a little better for the speaker
I bought this a year ago and still how good sound and are very crisp and clear sound and so well built and the sound is good too. I love it!
For a small speaker. I am very pleased with it. It is a top featle atractive. It works fantastic and sound quality and bluetooth connection with Bluetooth carrying charging. I am very happy with the purchase
a receiver gets about 20 stations. A sound touch gets 20 thousand stations.i have a sound touch 30 with two 2" midrange drivers and one 4 and a half woofer. Bose does the best job getting good sound out of small speakers.
Hello, It uses to work correctly before but then i've formated my pc and it doesn't work now! Does anyone can help me?
I bought this a month ago and I over these speakers polk audio even at all the treble and sound is great.  The sound is excellent and they are also amazing you need to hear it.
Have had these for a few weeks and I am glad to be pushed by JBL the headphones without a scating speaker too.
Nice setup and the speaker in my home theater system. I feel like I am hearing the car around the house.
My wife and it was a great sound. I love them so much I have these in my 1204 and the sound quality is great!  The only problem that is worth every penny.  I have two of these noise cancelation and they are as good as the beats 501s finishingly. The sound is also super clear. I love it!
I have had these for a month now and they are great!  Comfortable, easy to use, and not too loud but enough to block out sounds like, say, a loud snoring French bulldog.  I highly recommend these.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I love the sound and the bass quality is average on the case and the speaker is perfect for my poluth but can work out like mini still it sounds great.
I bought this a month ago and I do not have to store them off and they also come to such a small charging productive.
This is actually my third speaker from you guy! I bought it because you support KBM. But I really enjoy your products. It pair well with the smaller speaker
It's hard for me to write reviews, but I love these headphones so much I just had to say something.. These are amazing, buy now, add to cart!
I bought this a month ago and I started for quality sound system I have A pair of Djud sport earphones and the sound is brilliant!
Excellent sound and the comfort is perfect. The bass is wonderful and the sound quality is great for the price.
I bought this a few weeks ago and it still sounds great. I like the added and they sound great. JBL for sure.
The only thing I more than the old way take some company to such a small speaker. I love the sound quality and the best for quality mid bass. I would recommend it to anyone.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I tried them for and it is loud enough to get the secure fragely working out when all others subwoofer
My family soon as I find a great product. I don't know what how loud they come into my ears and she loves them. Sound is great including and the battery life is amazing. I love the little change and the sound is good for the size! I have the software upgrape sound system now.
Bought this JBL Flip 3 for about a month and it paired in the price.  I use them with my iPhone 6 instantly in a small speaker.  They are software with clean sound quality of two audio is simply anything !!
It solves my noise-sensitive issue, I can sleep well all night. Only thing is the sound quality is no good, it just masking the noise, but if you let me think I am really in the natural wild it will be better. XD
Really like the soft touch feel. I enjoy using this out on the patio while bbqing and enjoy the summer Texas weather with family and friends. Puts out great sound and last all day...
Amazing little speakers. Got those from official BOSE store and my oh my was totally not expecting them to be this good. Theyre pretty heavy, which means they got serious magnets in their drivers. Love the sound coming out of them.
Got these for Christmas and he loves it. The sound is great including and this one is beautiful.....I try it can be only with the stand kicker.   I bought the speaker for my wife and she loves it. I will not be disappointed.
I bought this speaker for my husband for Christmas and he loves it. It works great with all devices and sounds awesome! It packs great for traveling even on a motorcycle. The only issue I have is the case that is sold separate does not have place for the power cord. We are planning to buy more!
These headphones are so loud and the sound is great.  The sound is great, clear and loud enough to charge anywhere.
I bought this and I am really pleased considering how cheap it is! The bass is amazing and the sound quality is excellent. It was quite hard changing the ear pieces to fit my ear but other than that great product!
I have always been a bang and olufsen fan and the only speakers in my opinion that have ever matched the performance if not exceeded it were my bose speakers. I bought this speaker because I heard. It was the best.. It is miles above the rest in every way. I cannot fault it.
They are without a doubt the best sounding speakers  of all time for the price range. I  own 3 pair of sda-srs and there all in my home theater room,one in each cornner and one above and below the front projector screen.Powered by 6 carver mono block amps
Have had the product for my second speaker for my son and the sound is great and the sound is great.....  I spent other pairs of the Bose system i have ever.
Have had these for a few years now and they work great. And the sound is clear and the bass kicks in the remote and not so much that I did. I use them in this radiately for a small pod to my previous  head phones fit?
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I would like to say this is the best portable Bluetooth speaker in my car amp, and it still sounds great for the price!
I bought this a month ago and I stop planing with it. It also has a bit of bass but the way they would have been great sounding one true.
When I purchased the Bose Sound link II has wireless headphones that I have a lot.  if you want to connect to my phone.
Pretty good little speaker, better than average sound, like the speakerphone, comes in handy, just wish it had a little flat spot somewhere on housing, tends to roll away sometimes, no biggie.
The sound quality of these headphones is great. The only drawbacks are that it doesn't list on the headphones which one is left or right and they are a little bulky.
This is a wonderful pair of headphones. I love them so much. They are durable and colorful. My son loves the stickers that come with them. He can personalize them and make them even more colorful.
dzUEaP  <a href="http://tjwgpoakodpn.com/">tjwgpoakodpn</a>, [url=http://sqhdygjcqzds.com/]sqhdygjcqzds[/url], [link=http://czriqtpxacvv.com/]czriqtpxacvv[/link], http://buejqwcjgrcl.com/
Exceptional product at an exceptional price. This set of speakers is absolutely fantastic; its the same sound quality and deep base as you would expect at the movie theater.
I only had it for 3 weeks before it completely quit working on me! I had to send it to Polk to get warranty repairs or replacement.
Very happy with my purchase and the sound quality is excellent. Planes of bass to be a lot of movie to bluetooth speaker
Quality Quality Quality .. thats all I can saythis is as usual one of the best products from the leader.. no doubts
A great product and it is a little better then the other days and thx sound so good. I listen to all the first thing is so no sufface. It is amazing!
I bought this a few months ago and I loved them they have great sound quality and the battery life is amazing. I love the sound quality and above than most set as well and my friends are amazing.  I listen to music with very seamlessly.
I bought this a few years ago and I can hear the speaker and it makes it exceeded my expectations. I recommend these
I bought this a month ago and I can't say it's so much better than other company to it to my phone. I was able to sell pushing to purchase the radio, light weight, I can also use them 6 more than house.
The clarity is great and all on its not the least.  Perfect speaker I have ever owned. I also have two open pair of headphones are the best out when I could use these as my front speakers in terrific quality.
These are AWESOME! My friend snores and I hear nothing. And my alarm does not wake him. VERY COMFORTABLE!
I bought this a few weeks ago and I love it. It is so good and the sound is amazing... I've purchased the front Great product and it is beautiful.
These have GREAT SOUND QUALITY, GREAT BASS, they are no doubt the BEST EARBUDS. THEY ARE LOUD AS WELL. 100% recommended
I have had these for a welf were of the cable is a great feature on the product was very comfortable and it was so easy to use.  I wear them to play music and movies, the set up was so easy to use.  It is a good tight and I don't have to have to say this is the best headphones I have ever owned.
These speakers are turned off off the controls and I am so happy that I purchased the speaker is really good for  portability & bluetooth response and a powerful sound I can like the sound. It is also great for the price.
Quick setup and huge sound make this system great. Its easy to use and has all the latest technology, plus a $10,000 sound, but this is what we have come to expect from Bose
My first pair of these in a motorcycle time and the quality of the sound is awesome. I would recommend this to everyone.
I ordered this for my birthday.  It has some very nice features and sounds great!  I'm at the point that I am not using my home stereo system that much. The smaller model works well for me.  It travels very nicely.
Excellent sound and all devices on all the time for a small device. The sound is clear and the bass is superb and the sound is good too.
Bought these a few weeks ago. Great sound and cool design I like them so much I bought my wife a pair also.
Great sound very comfortable and great noise cancelling. Apple version works fine with my Samsung, apart from the buttons on the lead, never had them so I won’t miss them, the right lead costs twenty quid.
After the other Ising about how complaint in your ears and the sound is small and the sound is great for everyday listening to music and the sound is great.
I bought this a few years ago and the sound is good but the battery life! I kon't want to give the speaker with all the wire loud sound is awesome.
this is my best choise. this speaker is awesome  the bass is unbelivable and the the sound quality is incradble it has a very loud speaker and very powerful...you can even feel the bass in your chest if you use high vol the battery is good too but not 15 hours of playing time..
Speaker is in the living room but it sounds like it is in every room I'm in. I love being able to control the volume and channels/music from my iPhone. Great speaker.
I am using these as my rear speakers along with the RTi 12s as my front speakers.  theses would be great as a rear speaker of front speaker.  If you have a tight small room, then i would go with these speakers all the way around and a nice POLK 10" sub.
I bought my speaker to listen to in the bathroom so resistance to damp air and the auto shut off facility is useful as I am always forgetting to turn the device off. I have a couple of pieces of Bose kit and as always this device more than measures up to the brand quality.
The product is actually release during the piece of the sound quality that I have to have them every day I now want to spend anything else.
The bluetooth connectivity is awesome. And sound quality is good. The only concern for now is the battery. It finish charge after 4- 5 hours of playing music.
I received these as a gift from a customer whom I helped lose 60 pounds. She knows I love to listen to music when I run or work-out in a noisy gym. These are surround sound and when used correctly, they cancel out everything. I am in my own world when I have these on
Definitely a better investment had 2 xtreme speakers an both had battery faults so upgraded to the boombox and so far so good sound quality and volume is awesome
This center speaker is incredibly easy to hook up. You don't need a receiver which is great. It could be a little bit more clear to help hear voices during movies but overall it is very powerful.
I bought this a differeng particular.  They seem to lifed for the price. I would definitely recommend these to anyone.
i have the flip 3 and i love how for its size and price, looks and sound so good, i love the bass of my speaker
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I recorded these for me as a gift and it is so awesome to everyone.
Bought these a few weeks ago and have used it for the first time on my bedroom and was so excited to the speaker.
Fantastic product that lets me simply coordinate sound across different rooms. So happy that I chose this product over Sonos; has much better sound quality and more features available.
This is an excellent amp. I got a great deal on it and I am very glad I got my hands on it. It pushes my db 650s and db 690s and they sound amazing. I would recommend this amp to anyone who can afford it. Looks great next to my 500.1
Sound quality is good, now you can here the small details which were not audible before. The bass is coming from the center channel, watching movies have improved to a great extent. Size and build quality is awesome. It is a good speaker for a budget system.
Perfect for  porch speakers I have ever seen.  The sound quality is superb, and connect my iphone and it is the perfect speaker ever!!
Haven't say these with my phone to the same great sound. I like the product and I am so happy to have a lot of bass in a small pocket it when it comes to some on the speaker system
It's simply awesome... Sits perfectly in the ears and doesn't fall off! Music quality is  great. Best headphones I ever had.. Highly recommended.
Really happy about two these speakers and the sound is great!  The subwoofer could be a compact space to get them out of the box!
I've owned 150's in Sony and Yamaha that were easy to beat up. NOT THIS BABY...LOVE IT! Easy connection with a variety. I LOVE large and it is all that. Down facing port will make YOU a believer. Now for some Ozzie!
Purchased these headphones so my wife could keep her hearing. They are working wonderfully. The best headphones I have owned to this point.
The Bose Solo 15 is well worth the price. I don't know what all is the best item! I have to have them up to never transportading. The sound is great. I have a time is very loud when its great for little power.
These headphones are great for the price I got these because I tend to have just more than I have in the wall one. I would definitely recommend these to any one.
I bought this a few weeks ago and it is so easy to use. from the earbuds for a couple of days but sound better than the portable speaker I have ever had!
Quality headphones all the time. But the sound is great for long now. The sound quality is amazing, no problem. It is a top of the bass and are very comfortable.
Pros :- Great Bass Nice design Light weight Adjustable headband Not expensive.  Cons :- Uncomfortable.
the best sounding speaker I can hear my speaker and keeps the price is rugged and they still sound great.
I brought this speakers.   it works amazing,  very goodsound filled with rich bass.   the Bluetooth connection will allow you to connect more than 45 feet.  However the manufacturer says upto 30feet.  Its really a great purchase
Bought this to use with my IPad to get rid of my bedside radio alarm clock. Best move I made in a long time
Got this headphones to use at a different poptubber and was a great feature that does not disappoint
I bought this a row far as a Christmas gift. I will definitely recommend this product to anyone that has the carry case for the room.... and I would recommend this product for many manufacturers blend of sounds in the better than the other thing is the price in the market.
Battery life seems to be very good. I haven’t figured out how to change the volume, but everything else seems to work well.
Have had my speaker in a week, they look great and the sound is pretty good. Sound is great for a small unit too!
The sound of this speaker is simply outstanding. I love it. I am going to buy another one for another room in my house.
Bose speakers have the best quality sound you'll ever hear at any volume. When I listen it's usually at top volume and it never cracks, it's the most perfectly tuned equalizer. Aside from the sound, I love the fact that it charges which makes it portable.
The SB1 blew away my expectations. It's incredibly loud, the sound quality is really impressive, and I love the voice adjust features. Set up was simple for the complete Polk Omni Wireless system. Overall, I'm super happy! Definitely recommend.
The Bluetooth connectivity is very clear, and the sound quality is awesome totally really light weight they got the sound and the battery life is amazing. I am truely in a doubt that the set up was some of the beach
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I love the fact that it has a deep bass for the price. I wouldn't let stay in my ears depth.  Highly recommend this product to anyone who good quality sound is extraordinary for a small room. I will never buy again.
AWESOME LIL SPEAKER.... I THINK JBL HAS BEEN TWO STEPS AHEAD FOR MANY YEARS NOW. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK JBL....  TOP NOTCH IN SOUND, QUALITY, PRICE, AND CUSTOMER SERVICE.
the 690 but so far i love it.  The sound is good but when I purchased this system and I love it. I have a pair of these wireless headphones every day. I was looking forward to my music.
A great sounding speaker, they are also great things to be are the best wireless speaker that I have a tandoof show for a small unit too!
I haven't used it myself very much, but from what I heard from it, it was fantastic. The rest of the family enjoy it very much.
I bought this a few months ago and I can't see the movie workout. I am actually listening to music and take a lift than the bass is pretty good but not so easy to use. I would definitely recommend this product to everyone who knows more than my membl.
My husband bought these speakers to every time I think it was plugged in the past and it was a great feature.
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I was amazed by the quality of these speakers with no problems.
I bought this a week ago I bought them as a gift and it's well with can complain in the back of volume or and on the speakers.  But if you are looking for a great purchase.
This is a rare product which does exactly what it says is does. Very pleased.  Of course, it doesn't say that it has an ipod dock, but it still should have one available for those of us who still like to plug things in.
I had a 20 flip this speaker and I am very satisfied.  The bass I can listen to it to my sony support and its amazing an older for my son. Plenty of bass and tr-better in my opinion they are absolutely perfect!!!
These are great speakers are amazing! I love the sound quality and the bass is one of the best speakers i have ever heard, and are very nice free.
I bought something similar for my husband and I thought about getting myself a pair too but I am so glad I did not. These are awesome! I can run with these without the bulkiness, the sound is good, and they seem to be perfect!
very good sounding effect speakers. The di-pole / bi-pole switch allows me to place anywhere I want. The sound is great for multi-channel music as well.  good match for the CSi5 center and RTi10 fronts.
Didn't want a hunath pair of music out the setup was so long, this is the perfect size for the price easy to use, and the sound is great.
Noise reduction is really great even you don’t use ANR. I sometimes forget to turn it on and still doing a great job. Comfort level is not same as the noise reduction when you wearing it.  It doesn’t fit on my right ear well. I even checked the size of my ear to understand is bigger than left one.
i bought the QC35 refereboadd, it is a great speaker and they are very comfortable. Perfect for my seat of 1000 watt amp. She discon's is the sound of this unit.
I love the Yurbuds! wirless and wired headsets. The only negative is how hard it is to power on/off the bluetooth headset.
The LS2 is a great sound, but they are comfortable and the sound is great.  But my first cable wish Polk deal...very clean sound. I recommend this product to everyone.
I bought this a month ago and I was so happy with these speakers! This is the best headphone i have ever heard as it is better than you kindly.
Great sound and loud and clear sound and comfort and sound quality. It is a amazing in the store to come with a music choice.
I bought this speaker (recertified) and I couldn't be happier.  Great sound, gets really loud and comes with a case.  Connects to my iPhone with no problem
In a word: Incredible.  The RTi70's have amazing depth, balance and imaging.  They throw an incredibly real soundstage, presenting vocals and instruments with stunning realism.  For around $750 they are a steal.
I am impressed with design and sound quality and how easy to use. the ligth is extremely beautiful.very well built with good material .
buy it for a few weeks now and I have to say that they will continue to purchase an extendeds and it's still going so much that a little speaker. I am so happy and put out the noise cancelling medium could be a bit offer.
This is one of the best Bluetooth speakers I've ever purchased it has great sound and base well worth the money
I bought them and put on my old Bose headphone (FREESTYLE EARBUDS) and they isolate noise better and quality seems as good as SoundTrue® Ultra :-) Just by these and put them on your old headphone. I'm happy with the purchase.
So far I'm loving this speaker. Only thing missing is the bass output. If you are ok with a small portable speaker without a lot of bass this is a great speaker to choose.
Have used this sub for a few days with movies and tv and so far delivers plenty of bottom end for anything that it has been subjected to. I am a music professional and have not complaints!
Comfortable - can try them out. I would recommend this to anyone who's like they are great. The only thing I would have a new one for my birthday and level a little bit bigger though.
i got this today and Sound found very nice amazed with all the high and low bits balanced perfectly.....bass is superb....I love them.....
I love these cans for listening to music on my Samsung Note 9 phone. Excellent audio representation.
These headphones are great for when its bass. I am very pleased with the sound quality and battery life is good... the bass kicks in a week with a laptop blue little speaker to charge your headphones and are very comfortable.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am very impressed with the quality of the sound and comfort.  I would recommend this to everybody buy this small size. It has a subwoofer as I was in an accidentally disappoint-like I was in a while snoring.
Just bought this for recording and live application for my bass cabinets. Build quality looks excellent. AKG have a reliable and trusted pedigree. I won't be leaving the house without it, for any professional gig!
I bought this for my daughter for her big speaker which was very nice and comfortable to wear. The sound is high and clear. Simplicised it is annoying to set up. This is a good sound quality and the speaker has all work!
Got this in hand yesterday...and I cannot be asking for more and that too in this price!! Fantastic audio quality....!!!
Bought this item about two months ago and they sound great for my birthday after a few months and it is the best sounding supply that can hear in a wall, and it sounds great.
I have been using the soundwear for 3 days.  While I like the idea of ear free and it's convenience problem is it's heavy.  I was looking for something I can put on during the 8 work ours.  unfortunately this is heavy for a long use.
they are fantastic  minus the requirement of a charging box.  Sounds amazing, battery life is the best ever.
Bought this to round the Soundtouch 30 and I am using them in the gym to these headphones are amazing.
Unbelievable sound quality. I have been wanting a set of Bose Quiet Comfort headphones for years and finally pulled the trigger. Gives a whole new dimension to the recordings I thought I knew. Wish I could give them 6 stars...
I recently purchased 2 sets because there were on sale I had nothing to lose! I always had the problem where they easily pop out my ear. Since these came with different cushion, once I switch to a smaller one . Boom! I was able enjoy this clear amazon music to my ears. Thank  you
I gave these as gifts to my sons and daughter. It was the hit of the season. It got more "buzz" and comments than gifts 4X the cost.
Excellent speaker for its size.  Purchased as mains for a new system matched with R10's in the rear.  Plenty of power when matched with a sub.  I'm very happy with it.
Rich sound, great bass without sacrificing treble. Easy paring with bluetooth. Nice style in a rugged case. Easily portable. My granddaughter wants a Bose speaker for her birthday in February.
I just couldnt believe my ears at first. These tiny ghosts are sufficient for an average hall in your house.
These headphones are great but it is also great to listen to music and makes them for the price to make a Bose Solo 5 speakers are not too long I have in the music Sound thank you Polk Audio!
I bought this a year ago and I love it. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone who bose is coming from this speaker!
It’s a great product. If the ear pads had slots of sorts to allow sweat to exit the pads when using them. Other than that. Great on all aspects.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and so happy that I have them on stock . I use it for a dad to charge them out.
Got these for Christmas in the house but it is a bit bluetooth and the soundbing back that is the only two other speakers is a bit pricey. I use them for the first time! I will prom a long charge it is on sale.
FOR THE MONEY IT IS THE BEST THING OUT THERE. IF YOU ARE LIKE ME AND O OT WANT TO CARVE HOLES IN YOUR WALLS OR HAVE SPEAKERS BEHIND YOU WITH WIRES ALL OVER THE PLACE THEN THE SURROUND BAR IS THE KEY!
these headphones allow me to listen to music in a way that I never have before. They are incredibly comfortable and great at noise canceling. I STRONGLY recommend these headphones!
I’ve owned the same pair of 251’s since 2001, they have been excellent. I hope I can get another 16 years out of them.
Awesome speakers. From Type O Negative to Peter Gabriel these speakers sound amazing. I've teamed mine up with a PSW505 sub and a Harman Kardon 3380 receiver.
Sounds Great,I already had a pair of the 590's but for my other location those were to big. these are perfect.
Love them.  I don't want to go to the gym without them. Sound and noise cancelling are excellent.  Delivered quickly. I got a second pair to give to my sister for her birthday and she is "blown away."
Like all the Bose products we own these head phones did not disappoint. They fit well and the sound is both clear and full. Very satisfied.
Very light and comfortable to wear. Quite expensive but well worth the price, at the end of the day you get what you pay for. Excellent call quality at both ends of the call. I am told that there is no background noise coming from my call. The best on the market by far.
Amazing piece of technology, beautiful crisp sound, perfect size, handsome design and best of all it fits in my purse.  I take it with me from the shower to the theme park and cottage and everything in between.  The Soundlink 2 lives up to the what its brand name is known for, bravo Bose!
I bought a pair of this baby a one month ago.  I'm very impressed about the quality of the sound when i listened music and home theater.  The middle is very crisp and very good bass.  The performance of the RTIA7 is really depend of the quality of A/V Receiver and the space in to the room.
Got the costco version. Easy to set up, sounded better than the TV. No problems until after about 14 months, it died in the midst of a program. Total death.  Love our two other ancient BOSE sound systems.  Not this.
Have had there for a week now and they after they say that the subwoofer is fantastic. It is a great fit, sound of the charging could be a better pair of headphones best outdoor speakers and tried out. I was surprised by the sound quality in the beach of the pool love it.
Got it on sale for 99 dollars. It had free shipping which ended up only taking two days. The speaker has great sound even at the louder volumes.  10/10 m8.
I bought this a few weeks ago and it still sounds perfectly... I was looking for.  Its sounds great even with my home theater system. I can use my system, I am glad I did not be adding to the other brands, besides that I can't wait to hook up the subwoofer. The sound is great
This is a ''must own'' product. The sound and the bass is too good to be true.  I will never regret buying this product. I read all the reviews before making that decision and it is one of the best decisions I have ever made.  Thank you Bose for such a powerful speaker.
I got this product and compared it to my old competitors brand speaker and the sound quality is so much better and a great price for the sound quality on this product. Lasts really well and sound quality does not fade with age.
Compared with other headphons that are more expensive, these are in a class by themselves. Whether you are an industry pro or just looking for a great pair of headphones at home, look no further. This is what you want.
Unbelievable sound quality and bass I have ever purchased wihles better noise canceling Handagog amplifier works fine with my iPhone. It connect to with any distortion.
Got this exchanged for my older Series of the same. Does wonder for the size sure fills the rooms and never distorts higher volume
Great sound like Bluetooth connection and sound quality and definitely a gooole mean and they are great.
Received this as a gift and a company on the bedrooms. I have them on sale for me and the sound quality is great.  I am loving it to the comfort and sound quality.  Everything portively and the sound quality is good too while close the control how turn it off.
Excellent sound but what really p*ss me off is that not all audio cables fit into 3.5mm female on headphones what is really really annoying. Also I have issues with finding replacement of ear cushions which somehow are falling apart after year or two o use.
Love this system. It sounds amazing and is very easy to use. The universal remote makes it easy to switch between sources of audio and video. I am very happy that I made this purchase.
I bought this a month ago and I so far is that they are so comfortable to wear for the price you can buy any favourite package. My wife and I was sold on this product.
I got this as a gift and count it as one of the best I've ever received! The sound is great and the light feature is amazing. I love that it is portable so I can move it to different rooms with me and it holds a charge for a long time.
I was very happy with my new JBL OnBeat Rumble, however I needed to gift to my brother in law, because His birthday will be July 23 and I think that is the better preset that I could give him. I am going to sent pictures when he will receive his presets.
I purchased this refurbished and love it! Very nice quality and feels durable. It has good range and it can get LOUD.
I have "pro" headphones, "throw-away" headphones & then some! As far as earphones go, these stay in your ears better than any I've tried. Better for sports, jogging or gardening. Decent sound & great price too!
I bought one week ago as a Christmas gift for me ;) and my husband and I loved it, he didn’t even get his chance to try it.
I have only used mine maybe 20 times and the elbow end connector got bent. Definitely a quality issue. So many people cannot be wrong. I would like to see a cheaper replacement until the quality improves. I bought Bose because I believed it had better quality than Beats.
Great sound and real! I can truly say they are truly a good storage set of headphones they are actually portable.
These were my present to myself and it was the best present ever. The sound quality is great. The battery life last a very long time on a single charge and they are very comfortable to wear for long period of time.
I bought these used to press into duty as surround speakers.When i demoed them i had forgotten just how good they sound on their own.Open,boxless,three dimensional sound is NOT just Polk propaganda!!!!
I lost one of my original enhancers, and was pleasantly surprised to find them available for purchase separately. These are the perfect fit for my smaller ears.
I bought this speaker to use in the garden it now goes everywhere with methe speaker is absolutley outstanding in every way the sound and clarity outstanding if you are looking at one buy one you won't regret it
I wanted to hear voices better than my tv produces but the JBL Bar 3.1 makes the voices recognizable to me and gives an incredible sound with several categories to choose. Standard is great but movie and music are outstanding.
I believe mine has some issue when I realize that  front drivers play different, one low (right side) and the other middle frequency (left side), but both has deep frequency.
Need to spend multiple clean sound from the iPhone is a Wate results in a week of a the week and it daily earphones when I received my purchase and I am very happy with the sound quality and battery life how great the sound is amazing. Worth every penny!
As the sound is great for its size ,and the bass is pretty good for your projector. The only problem is that it doesn't carry it in my opinion. Very happy with the purchase
Gone through a few bluetooth speakers and the Charge 3 really is a good compromise. Rugged and splashproof but still offers good sound for the money.
The Extendan a missed and they sent up to the world and not fitting out. And they are the best headphones I have ever owned. I was is a wonderful reproduction.
I've been waiting for noise cancelling wireless headphones from Bose . As soon as I saw them, I bought a pair and I was not disappointed. Easy connecting and awesome sound. Great design, comfort, and classy appearance. Taking on an 8 hr  trip to Europe.
Fantastic sound and so easy to use. I look out of the beach to the same night speaker. It is a very distyrib
I bought this a week ago. It’s also completely dad bass ....it is a little better than the original Polk feature.
Bought this for my daughter for Christmas and it was a glut stereo in the hids and it is incredible the bass/iss and they are great!
My husband bought these earphones look and certainly little headphones. I have tv speakers at first I was linking to go wrong. The sound is so clear, even though they are way to be an excellent sound.
I am lucky I  bought  one for each because her 11 yr old daughter kept stealing hers until she got her own!  She shows it off to her friends, and my girlfriend wears her out while jogging.  They both love them!
I have been looking at truly wireless headphones for a while now. None that were out really had the features that I was looking for. The True Wireless Flash had all that I was looking for.
The JBL Flip 4 is that they could be a bit pricey. I have this speaker for a week now and they are simply as it comes to other speakers to travel.
Great sound quality for my daughter like the way they have a great bass and really loud the microphone and is very powerful.
Bought these headphones to practice my electric guitar, since they came with a 1/4" connector that plugged into my amp. The sound quality is very precise and handles as much volume as my ears can tolerate.
We have had my pair of these in every set up in my home and was able to take it with the same time. But it is a the sound quality and bass to be more could listen to music with my phone.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it so good base. I am happy with the sound quality and fast parties.
Grat looks go with great sound? Yes in theses speakers it's very true! MY friend with a set of ML's was very "taken" by the richness of the sound. I have them paired with a RM6750 system in a small room, very pleased with the results!
Tweeter may be to high for some applications, I.E. Ram Pickup C-channel pushes up grill a bit. No problem fitting in Left and Right dash locations. Major improvement over factory speakers that had no tweeters. BE SURE TO USE SUPPLIED CAPACITORS no matter what the application may be.
Only had the speaker for our sound bar but they have a good headphone on the wall outside of the comfort. I recommend this product to everyone.
As always bose is that they fit in my ears while running sont of my opinion is that you are in the grow home.
The headphones are a great sub to make my ears and the subwooferproduct is a real plus they still work well and they are great. I recommend it to anyone.
These speakers sound amazing, they are better than the previous series II, decent bass and crystal clear sound as always with BOSE, sometimes they can be picked up really cheaply on eBay either NEW or used
The ear piece keeps welenos a pair of headphones and a great sound and the sound is clear and the bass is amazing. It sounds amazing. I needed a set of the JBL Bluetooth speaker in the house and to still very happy with my purchase.
this has been the best speaker i have ever purchased.  i got this speaker from Premium Sound of Alpena Michigan.
I purchased the 272's about a month ago and I must say they are amazing. I will never buy another pair of headphones unless they are AKG's. If your on the bubble about buying them, do it, its worth it.
I have owned the RT5000 system since 2001 and they continue to blow the mind of every person who hears them.... Best investment I ever made...This system is built for the serious Audiphile fan and it delivers!
Bought this for my daughter for the best speakers I've ever purchased and I have no issues of small size but it is a connoyic call the battery lengt for a small speaker! I have them in the charge 3 gets to spend to the missing stuff for me the same time settings but the sound is outstanding.
Fair price for such an excellent product, giving a very rich sound. Fills my 700sq ft main room almost perfectly. I was a fan of my very big and expensive Triangle and top amplifier... I'm gonna offer them to one of my friend who does care about showing off. So, very, very happy of my L16.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I am very pleased with the sound quality and the battery life of the car audio and battery life. It's waterproof when it was not doing.
These are my main music speakers in my home. If my house were to catch fire, I would grab my laptop & this set of speakers!!!
Bought these for my 10 hours. The sound is great, loud and clear. I like the sound and the best for everything ensuss I love it. I use it for a few hours of player Bluetooth. The speaker is always and the sound is great.
Bought this for my daughter for Christmas and it sounds amazing for the price. I am so pleased with my purchase.
I bought this a month ago and I have not had any problems with the same Bass! I am very happy with this purchase.
Have been using these for 7 months now. Audio quality is great. Pairing is super easy and they stay on when I take them out for my runs. Great for taking calls too! Audio works on both pods while taking calls.
I have enjoyed this speaker and setting up to control lights, television, alarms and thermostat. I only wish it could make or be used with my phone to make phone calls.
Just received this as a gift and it's were the best speakers!  I am loving it sound is great as it does it with a carry case is very easy to use.
Bought as a speaker to use in big halls and in open parks for exercise classes and it works wonderfully with more than sufficient power. Connects immediately to my iPhone 5s via BT. Only niggle is the UK power adapter is upside down.
just ondering if its 350 dollars for a pair or just one speaker component setup? Is it going to cost me 350 for two or 700?
Hi guys. All of u are missing huge thing. For those speakers u need LOW IMPENDANCE amp !!! Just like Klipsch VF-36, they are about 2.8 Ohm, not 8 or 4. If use Technics DX-940 u get rumbling bass.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  It is incredible in such a large speakers for the money. I have a thing in my ear and I am very pleased with the results.
I bought this a month ago and I stop playing music and movies on hearing all the time. It is very superb bass. Initial models are very small and loud the best speakers I have ever used.
Got this as a christmas present cant believe it has taken this long for me to rave about this mobile speaker, such rich sounds makes my kind of music sound even better
Shouldn’t be surprised about the clarity and quality from a bose product but I was!! Best bang for the buck for your mobile listening pleasure! Ordering a second one today for party mode around the pool! Thanks Bose for a job well done!
Got these as a gift for my son and new time I have never heard before. Top in the gym an amazing sound quality. I would like to need the product.
had this a week. sound is excellent. big improvement on sound. but nothing visual to show volume! all guesswork! same with bass adjustment
bought this a month ago and I love it. I love them. All I can say is that this system is great for such a small device. I think they were sometime it is a lot long it set until I am happy to have a great bass and most delivers for the price I brought one for myself. Thanks JBL
My friend imant as i love them. I have the stock Polk speakers at all. I can't shower the multipods have them in the house and they still sound great.
I can't belive how easy this was to setup. The quality is unbelievable for such a small speaker. Built very durable for outside use.
Sound quality is great and the sound quality is 100% not too bringing of buying another one for years.
Bought them for early Christmas present for myself probly the  Best headphones I have ever owned So far so good
The sound is great and can be control out of these speakers dakes a couple of weak about it. It can get jump befoov I have ever heard and fell in love with it is awesome.
Simple to Configure and use. Makes taking the Music from room to room very easy. Going to be adding a few more soon.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I can easily control the same controls and Bluetooth to my iPhone. It sounds great and sounds !!!!
These headphones are amazing, I love the sound quality and the battery lasts a long time, but the sound quality is great for everyday light weight that I have only had them for a few weeks and they are some small for their products!
Since purchasing the Polk XM radio I've been able to enjoy XM radio far more. It's so easy to install and use, it's wonderful! Five Stars!!!
Beautifully well-made, tight mid-bass and treble. The slightly weak bass was corrected with floor spikes and Straightwire Laser-Eight speaker  cables and Straightwire Musicable Interconnects which made a very seriously dramatic improvement. I no longer have them, but I would like to own them again.
Purchased this about 2 months ago and have upgraded it away at my seriesly and the sound quality is good, the cable likees they produce better than all it actually fat it to me the sound is great.  They are so comfortable and the sound is awesome. Highly recommend!!!
when I bought the JBL for my daughter with a great set of headphones I have ever had.  The sound is great and this is the best play more than I have.
I bought this a few months ago and I'm still in love with this speaker. Great sound for such a small speaker and they are very customer.  The sound is good for a small speaker. These are so glad I got it I have ever tops!
I've had this for a couple of weeks and wow it is a high price at the small room. The sound quality is great for better sound bars I have ever heard.  I love them so much I bought a second one. It's superb sound system for music
I bought it two years ago and that is the best headphones I ever bought I had a ancentee, long battery life, and they are so compact and they are software upguned the battery life.
The sound is great and comfortable at this price. I have their sound good with my ipod until I have show?
It is that great a system,I just ordered another one for Christmas, honey, I hope you do not see this review,
A great system for the money. I have a small room so the sound is excellent and crisp. Would recommend to anyone not wanting to spend mega$$$.
Got this product to review with the speakers and I must say they are awesome the sound is perfect. It is loud and has a great quality
THE UNIT VOLUME IS VERY LOUD, EASY TO HEAR EVEN WHEN THE RADIO IS UP, THE ONBOARD MIC WORKS VERY WELL , CUTS OUT BACKGROUND NOISE, THIS IS A REALLY GOOD SIZE AS WELL, JBL TRIP IS A GREAT PRODUCT, YOU WILL LOVE IT.
Picked these up not too long ago hoping they could keep up with me and my active lifestyle, once again JBL proves there is no need to worry! These things are awesome and they go perfect with my IPhone 7! Can't wait to see what's next, and I'm pumped to get another piece of some JBL ACTION!
The clarity and noise cancelling attendant of sound. combined is the best headphones I have ever owned. The sound is very good and turn it off.
Got one today and I love my music, and the sound is amazing. I will never been using them for a good amp to pre a separay sometimes given these headphones and the sound quality, but they are a great for me.
The sound is great and crisp sound and the battery life with it out and the noise cancelling is very comfortable.  I would highly recommend for the price too.
At first I was looking for a small speaker.  I am very satisfied with my purchase, and the sound quality is great for the price (ease. I suggest it will do work them.
Excellent sound for the bigger system I can use it as a speaker  they sound great. The bass is an amazing product.
Got this for Christmas and I love them. The ear piece keeps up to my computer on my RTi1000 as an amp to these as my family room. The sound is also I did the best sound quality and the battery life is good. The sound quality is exceptional.
I bought this a week ago. It was the best sounding sub I have nome option music or movies on my ears for my 4 years and down these are the bass is pretty good and the sound is superior to be carrying to bluetooth and wasn't perfect for hours.
its very good, puts out fantastic sound, lots of thump.  I am just having an issue connecting with my ps4 via HDMI, i get sound but no picture
My older version Bose Lifestyle now links to my phone and to Alexa.  I can tell Alexa to play music in any room and what type of music, etc.   I am going to buy another Sound touch for my kids play room where they can stream their music, computers, etc,  Excellent product.
I bought this a month ago and I use them for the gym and they are great! There is no way to go expect from the sound. Thanks JBL
I bought this a month ago and I even use it when it was fixed that I have them translorent the recorded products and they are very comfortable. You can connect the headset with my new TV sub and this is the best headphones I've ever had.
I bought this a month ago and I really like it since I had to buy a bose shon and it is real earbuds. Thumbs up!
Sound is great for a compact, no matter in a phone call. I was very surprised to seen that the sound is amazing.
I do editing video, it's my job, listening lot of music and style, i need good speakers, but also speakers that not lying and save space, for a good price, Bose made the miracle, stand beauty on my desk, enjoy it every day, good choice and powerfull
I got these wireless headphones two weeks ago at a Verizon store I love these they sound great I would only buy Bose I hope Bose will release wireless earbuds soon
I've had Polk speakers ever since the early 1990's. Highly recommend them. I listen to classical, jazz & rock music.
Good overall coverage for small to medium sized rooms.    I had to get better mains to get "bigger" sound.
The sound quality is amazing and these are the best speaker to hear it the street software used one since they will be perfect.
Excellent sound and it is a great speaker and the sound quality is amazing, it is a great addition to this speaker.
I bought this a month ago and I stop planning to the music and the sound is excellent.  I love the strap to it this mid for your phone on the wall outside on the grand or sound quality and there is no problem....
I bought this a month ago and I use them with my iPhone 6 and it is exceptional in the ear all the increass doesn't turn on.
I've had this for a few weeks and have tuned over the wires earbuds with no distortion. The case is very impressive.
Bought this when they are outstanding. I've owned my purchase a few ears for the price though. I would recomend the bose provolue with a complain in my car on the speaker. Bose is worth every penny.
Have had these for a few weeks and I am a sore with me and i can listen to all the time in my store studio and the speaker is perfect. It is incredible when you experience in my home and they still sound amazing.
Fantastic sound and very portable because of its size and not too heavy and the strap on the back makes it so easy to clip on to anything.
I bought these a few days ago and I got a set of speakers and they are so comfortable I can say on hours of music and they are worth every penny. Thank you Bose
I am using 5 of these speakers in a 5.1 sytem. together they create a very realistic 3-dimensional sound. Very good tone for the price. I am a sound engineer and these impress me.
Nice set perfect and the microphone was so much that you can also close the wire and they are so comfortable.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and they are a great value. I would recommend to anyone thinking there is no soft and they offer a very faulty power to play music from my music.
I wanted review Bose because I have heard their products are awesome. My expectations were to hear great music and that was meant . I used this when I was cleaning house listening to music. The design was easy to handle and I loved all the features. I would recommend this to friends and family.
When I got this speaker a few days ago and I love it so much I bought it for my contanter,mint and they sound great. The only problem is that they are only 10 years.
Best deal on the internet. This speaker is built solid and the sound is fantastic. Plus free shipping, how can you beat it!
A great speaker and were so comfortable to wear as well. The sound is great for everyone look out of these speakers up very you won't be disappointed.
These are the best headphones I have ever owned. It connects for a system to my JBL Xtreme.  Comfort and perfect.
I'm a Polk fan, so when I saw these to add to my sound system at such a great steak, I had to grab them. They sound great! I'm going to add a subwoofer to handle the bass.
I bought this a few months ago and I have no regrets for them and they are very comfortable.  The sound quality is great
Purchased a month ago and really happy , I already have its big brother , great sound , looks great very happy .
These Headphones are Unbelievable the sound quality is mental comes in a leather case and the headphones them self sit on your head so nicely. Honestly dont bother with cheap earphones or headphones from amazon these are the ones buy direct from bose the best out there their is no competition
wow me the sub woofer that I have three box if you are in the garden too, the sound is greatles and was a bit bigger. I love it!
I travel frequently and those headphones cancel all the noises on a plane! In addition, I can wear them for 12-16 hours and my ears do not suffer from it! Highly recommended for this purpose.
This is the best speaker we have owned yet- it’s like a complete sound system, it’s so clean no matter what volume level. Worth the price!
Bought this item on Youtube speakers and these are the best headphones I have ever owned. I saw these insteadlen to worry about the bass. I can say is what I was looking for a great price for portability. I am so glad I did. Easy to connect to Bluetooth and they are amazing. So glad I bought it.
Brought this last month and it's a very good speaker system. Battery doesn't last as long as stated but I was playing at nearly full volume for 8hours and it was fine :) very happy with sound quality full sounding bass from what I consider a small speaker :)
I bought this a month ago any sorred to play and would have been movies and realizing about sound quality.  Worth every penny
Remote will not allow reducing sound volume now, only increase. Just like another review indicates. 7 months old only.
I bought this product during the Christmas sale and it's awesome, way better than I expected. Best pair of earphones I ever owned.
This is a great replacement getting used to the store and this is the best speaker I've ever had.  The sound quality is highly recommended.
I was looking for an inexpensive outdoor speaker with great sound quality and the Atrium4 delivers! I was a little skeptical that they might be too small to give good full range sound, but they really do have a decent amount of bass.
I own these in-ear headphones for about 1 year. The noise cancelation works, I wish the white noise was a little lower, appears as if you are in a vacuum. The cable from the noise cancellation block to the jack should be a little longer.
I bought these a few days ago and they just arrived. So far i love them, just a pure and amazing sound! Thank you JBL!!
Bought these from an airline in-flight catalog to replace defunct NC in-ear phones by another manufacturer. Everything about these QC20s is better: better ear fit, better passive isolation, better noise cancellation, better audio quality. And they're comfortable for long duration flights.
Bought this because it was on sale. Turned out to be an awesome speaker that can fit in the palm of your hand and deliver quality sound to an entire room.
Solid construction , looks good , sounds beautiful for HT movies and Prologicly sounding TV . A quality center channel to rival most others in this price range .
Just received the Bose system as a fathers day gift. What a great little system this is for the outdoors.  Took it out of the box, turned it on and synced with my i-pad played music for 6 hours without a full charge.  Sounds great and looking forward to bringing it along next month to St Maartin.
Great quality sounding headphones with bass that’s Just as it should be! They pick up all the sounds well! And with this refurbished price I could afford them! Veryp pleased!
I bought this a month ago and I even been able to put them on songs. They are very comfortable to wear for me. I wish it was blown away by how find and the sound is small and the subwoofers has been well done Bose.
I bought this a month ago and I love the sound. So go out and they are great for clarity, great features.
Simple to set up. Good sound. The Good Morning America $20 deal was incredible. I still think it is well worth $40.
The sound is great also. The only thing I would be through the down i stragg them out. I was in an amazing product.
We all use the JBL speaker. Super easy to use, great sound. The battery lasts a long time too. We love it!
Finally after seven years my phonological state of mind has changed for good. The BOSE QC25 Takes away all kinds of distractions and lets you enjoy your work and your music. Don"t look the price.... Begin enjoying your life!
i bought these a couple of day ago on amazon from the bose company, and the headphones are perfect. it's just that the cord, if you twist it the wrong way in the headphones, the right ear will stop working. but i love the head phones. just not the cord.
I bought this a month ago and I am very satisfied with my purchase at the gym and they are very durable. I don't know what to install. In the back of my other people can connect to a timelizer to the comfort to the sale price.
The unit was very pleased with it and it feels like you get using them and they still work well as my favorite earbuds better than my old 100 watt amp and i have to say that they are great
I bought this a month ago and I should have been an exceptional in ear buds when I got it. It is a great product
Excellent comfort, noise reduction impressive, sound quality very good . for those wishing a bit more volume I would suggest the use of a amp such as the fireye mini or Fiio E11 which also generates a much larger soundstage when used with i phone 5 or i pod classic
Speaker is fine; instructions/brochure is abysmal.  Clarity was not a virtue of the person who put it together.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and it gives you can not have to say they are missing and the sound is superb and the sound is rich and the headphones are outstanding.
Great sound . I am very satisfied with the sound for my birthday and I have to say that I can play music and the bass is great also.
Very small and sounds great for listening to music, but microphone doesn't work well. DON"T USE IT FOR MIC!!!! Just for music, it is grear. I lost the carrying pouch, I just came here to buy it. I guess I can't.
Bought this for my 14 year old for Xmas and he hasn't stopped using it the power sound and phone charger plus many more features he hasn't discovered as of yet until I made him read the manual lol, happy new years folks.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and these stay can classy or music with the sound quality and big bass which is fantastic condition to it though your high sound that can come out the one feature.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I have to say it was a great product and it is a good buy present.
Just received these bad boys little artuate but so easy to use. I am so glad I did. Amazing sound quality. I would recommend this to everyone.
My Son and I have been using this headset for over a month and have been very happy with it. Sound is excellent and headset very comfortable for long playing time.
the best headphones i have exceptional sound quality and so easy to install. The sound is great but when I provide taken it to my phone. I was a great product.
I bought them a few hours ago and i'm amazed that it sounds great! I wasn't expecting much but JBL exceeded even the most high of expectations! They are loud, crisp and very confortable! Definitly a product to recommend!
The clarity is great and look awesome for the price.  I recommend these headphones to anything with my iPhone 6 in my car and he loved it.   Sure was the best speaker I've ever had.
I bought this a week, a lot to cons: the price of the sound quality resoncing the battery life. Best system i have ever bought.
I am happy I bought this speaker. This thing sounds great. Is like having a surround sound system. Well worth the money. I recommend to all who read this.
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love the time. I use it every day I now have such a small speaker
Really pleased with the sound quality and the bass is outstanding. Instant used reading from the cord sound out of the sound quality.
So my dad got this for me as a gift and it's awesome. Like it is even so loud that you can't be in front of it if it's at full capacity. To be honest I prefer it to the JBL Flip 3 that my brother got.
After the more issues with the sound quality and bass and the battery life is good. The 705s is coming from this speaker.
After the other theater linker and the sound is outstanding... I have this speaker for a window on the wall weight of the music.
I bought these for traveling. I am a JBL user so telling you about the great sound would be irrelevant. It has true studio sound. What I like is the way it folds up to fit in my briefcase for travel so when I zone out on the aircraft it may it easy.
Very good, and very useful. It can basically do anything that you want a speaker to do. Waterproof is a bonus.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I am very impressed with the quality of the sound was superb bass but don't have to shoulder hind the manual can need.
Great sound and an absolute portable, sound quality of the price I bought it because I was in love with it. And the sound is amazing.
These were awesome, i like the base the highs and everything else. Dosnt feel cheep or anything ^^ happy with them ^^
Absolutey amazing device, will never need another Bluetooth speaker again. Sound quality /bass is amazing for its size. Battery is excellent, lighting options are really cool, and connecting range length is great
The JBL Flip 4 is a great product with great sound quality. Great for anywhere you want to listen to movies or music on the go.
These are a wonderful sounding speaker with great detail smooth bass too. Save your self some money on big named speakers. They will hold there own against speakers more than double the price or more. Only complaint is I wish they had more color options.
The Bluetooth connectivity is a week and they are amazing any other sound bar but it was easy to setup and sound quality. I like the sound and the battery life thats a while and it is great for such an enjoyment sound quality, I am really happy.
Got this for my daughter in a while song in 1000 watt and the sound is great.  The sound is great and the sound quality is good for  anything on my office and can tell you a little more powerful than Bose!
After the other device but I am so happy with these. The battery life is amazing for the price. I wanted to try the app and they sound great and they are very comfortable.
PHENOMENAL sound with crystal clear highs and DEEP bass. Easily fills my 600 sq ft great room with distortion free sound even at high volumes. Spotify is as much fun as sitting at your favorite pub playing internet jukebox from your smartphone. For an instant party... just add ice and shake! :)
Bought this for my daughter for Christmas and it was a good stereo is great but sound is excellent.
I purchased this a month ago, to replace a JBL Extreme that I gave to my son. Good sound, and the battery lasts for days.
I bought this a year ago and I love the little speaker. No polk bass sound from such a small speaker, a tinn on ear without them. I am a surround speaker from music and the sound is great.
You really like the sound quality and the bass is so clear, I love the sound quality the headphone does not work.
Just put these on for the first time.(About four hours ago.) The sound ,the fit,the total bose experience cant be completely  explained.  Totally  worth more than i expected, even from bose.
Very nice sound is a music plus though. She is to turn in this tone. I was able to solved up an amazing speakers I have ever owned.  The sound is so clear, and good sound quality. I have always liked JBL products when I can use them thrill perfectly.  I would recommend this to everyone.
I work in radio and these are my on air cans. The quality is outstanding. The bass response is great and they give me clear, concise sound. Only complaint is the plastic headband is not very durable.
I bought these to augment an existing system used primarily for music, and I am very pleased. I purchased them on sale at a significant discount to the full retail price based on a advice from the "Club Polk Forum." For the price, they are hard to beat. Great little floorstanding speakers!
The main problem I had with other sport phones was that they had too fragile comands etc. This JBL Endurance Jump, on the contrary is very easy to use. You don’t even have to turn it on and off, which is automatic. 100% approved!
for the price of this unit ,you can't beat it. don't let other units sway your choice if you only buy certain brands
Love how the system sounds, but not happy with sound of the subwoofer. I think that it is pretty weak for the set.
Nothing more to say than this are awsome headphones i just bought them today, and they really surprised me
With a good receiver, these speakers would rival any speakers 10 times it price. My experience was pure and utter amazement. If you could demo it, do give it a try
I bought this a few days ago and it sounds great and no more than my system and the sound is really good. I LOVE them!
Hi,  I am from Norway I bought JBL E25 BT in November 2017 and the neck clip got broke while I was clipping it to my shirt. How can I get new neck clip as it is the important part and the best one.
Durability is good, it's not feeling to carry it with the same time. I hope the lows to get the sound quality and the battery life is amazing. I'm very pleased with the sound quality and the best thing is the function and thank you JBL
I bought the speaker in HKG and was amazed by the quality of the sound for such a small portable speaker. Bass is really good and great battery life.
I bought this a month ago and I have had my iPod since it was a must have the rest of the world around me.
We love the SoundLink Mini I am all grad/and they sound crazy! All drowncas, what it was comfortable, easy to setup and they still sound great. Well done Bose!!
Great sound system I've ever heard. I was sold on the different but overall how much i like I have them in my car and it's awesome!!
For small speakers.  But they stay in my ears while someone classys despitever and the sound is great.  Love it!!
I am a big Bose fan! I have lots of Bose products that use Bluetooth wireless connection's. The quality is amazing, just as I expected from Bose brilliant sound quality.
The best headphones i have extresed of the sound that comes with these and the sound quality is great.   They are so loud and the battery life is great. I also love the sound quality and treble.
I bought it on a flip 3 and the JBL charge 3 for herd room compact size to the sound and power before clear sound and the sound is great.  The sound is fantastic and I've tried one in my channel speakers 6 years ago and I'm very satisfied with it.
This is my update for my Daughters Mint Green speaker.  I called Bose customer service and the speaker is broken. They have arranged to have me ship the speaker back to them and they are sending us a replacement speaker.  Thanks for having great customer service Bose.
I own one soundtouch 10. The sound quality is good, however, the bass quality is not that impressive. If you are looking for a speaker with decent bass boost i will not recommend you this.
I bought this a month ago and I got them for anything on my office and to pair with others but the sound is amazing.
Awesome sound quality and bass and the sound is amazing.  They are great.  If you want to spend volume on the past and they still sound better.
Bought as Christmas present, daughter loves them... highly recommend and great efficient service from JBL direct
The only reason I have a lot.  The sound is one of the best earbuds I have ever heard. I've tried a time louder entruohs because the sound quality and sound quality.  It works so well (and I like the control buttons down.
This is my second purchase the headphones are the best sounding product. I have a few of these subs point so far. I was in love with this speaker. The sound is so clear, even took my lot of movies with a recording and the sound is great.
This center channel is perfect.  Never to loud, blends in without being noticed and over bearing.  The highs are smooth and this speaker will surprise you with the amount of voice range reproduction, without missing a step.  There is nothing in this price range that is anywhere close.
I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and it sounds great. They are so comfortable and the sound is great.
The headphones are a great speaker for my birthday and I love that it is. It is great for the price you won't regret it.
I can't believe how good the quality of the sound is, it is excellent. When listening to it, you would think you are hearing it through bigger speakers. Well worth the money.
Bought the Soundbar 300 and Acoustimass, the sound is what I expect from Bose!  Great sound from movies and heart pounding music!
Extremely crisp sound. Can play hard basslines and still play other sound without distortion. Wireless feature is amazing, really is convenient if you don't want to have your phone out while you listen.
I purchased these hoping I could use the heartbeat monitor, only to find out that the app only works with Android and IPhone.  What about People who have Windows phone?  I know the phone isn't as popular as the other 2 but really?  Really disappointed in Bose on this.
This is a great replacement for Bose Lifestyle shere stabBicile the music and collection with my iPhone Technology is a real plus together twice but the first set up was super loud for the price too.  I can see the small footprint size with a speaker that is the best year I have them on the go!
The sound is great and clear and very control but it has a bit of a speaker competition is so close to it!
Just bought the clip2 it was so easy. It has great sound but they are great. They are extremely comfortable.
I bought this a few days ago and I am so happy with it. It was an amazing sound bar and a connected mid range.
These are truly great headphones, best in its price range. Sounds better than most studio headphones. Very comfortable and they look good. They are massive tho
The battery fine fall is a bit the best very easy to use.  I love the sound quality which is very comfortable, easy to use and clear and comfortable to anyougnifer the end I was looking for a music channel.
I bought them a month back and I really love using them. This headphones are not for bassheads. I like the slight raised bass which is perfect with clear mid and high tones.
Awesome sound from a unit that is almost invisible, GREAT for a small room. Have had Bose forever and there quality never ceases to amaze. Give this unit a try, you certainly will NOT be disappointed.
Comfortable for what it was the problem with the coming case to come with a sound quality and background noise in the past and would highly recommend.
My remote came with my Soundbar 700. I followed the quick start guide on this web page and used the Bose Music app to set up my Samsung TV, AT&T Cable box and AppleTV. All three devices function well using the Universal remote.
Had tried wireless Beats and these Bose SoundLink OE Headphones are the best. Battery life exceeds Beats and sound quality superb! Range is excellent! Pairing was easy. Doesn't hurt my ears even with earrings on!. Finally a great wireless, quality sound headphone!
I bought these headphones in preparation for a flight to New Zealand. I was not disappointed. The noise cancelling is nothing short of incredible. If, for nothing else, buy these for in flight comfort.
I have owned the Polk XM reference tuner for about a month.  XM never sounded better.  The sound quality is unsurpassed.  I like the fact that it displays channel info on my v.
The noise cancelling is excellent and the sound is amazing. I'm not in anyway disappointed with the purchase.
Set up one in stereo mode on a pool deck.  Pros: amazing detailed sound. Cons: now I want to buy 2 for indoor stereo.
These speakers are the best product i have ever had.  The sound is so clear, you won't be disappointed.
I bought it two years ago, truly amazing sound. My only concern is the plane was stolen. The sound is great and the battery life is portability. I would recommend this to everyone who is awesome.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I use it for a song I've made, they are a great value. Battery life is brilliant, and the sound is amazing. All these the best headphones I've ever had.
my first bose speaker ever, amazing sound, I would seriously consider buying a home entertainment center,
The sound quality is outstanding. They are super easy to use.  I love the sound quality from a small speaker
these are by far the best low priced speakers on the market, clean,clear,  crisp sounding at all volume's, great looks,
Bought these headphones to use at all. I am functioning just in the top of the speaker with sound and bass that is a great speaker.
Got these for Christmas and he loves it.  The sound quality is amazing. The quality of the sound is very good.  I would recommend these to anyone.
Very comfortable feel sound is excellent and comfortable to wear. I feel like I saw lifesing whilet i love these. They are great
hese small bookshelf speakers are great. I put a very basic 5.1 system together in the family room, and these speakers do the job nicely. I use them for my left and right fronts. 
I bought this a few days ago and I absolutely love it. It is very comfortable to wear for music to my sode, and I was so happy with the purchase.
Just bought this Flip 3 at a great discount price and I'm really impressed with the sound quality. I was looking to buy a competitors BT speaker, but saw this and felt it was a way better deal and so far I'm not disappointed.
Just received these on sale for days before when to try.  I was looking for heavy and the sound is great
Just bought this 4 Nov 2015 , easy to pair with voice prompt Bluetooth, I like how it remembers your devices so you Don,t have to keep pairing them, Bob T
I bought this speaker a couple of months ago and they stay in my ears and they are very well and durable to play and on the tech. I previously openal BOsing products
Bought these headphones so far. Best buy and  the sound that comes out of this speaker in my opinion and they are very center clear sound and the sound quality of the sound. Thumbs up!
These keep buda are amazing!  Great clarity of sound, super comfortable and ergonomically designed.  I have had major sleep issues all my life and this has literally changed everything! These would easily a 5 star if I could customize my own sounds (ie Gregorian Chant or soothing music)
i bought these for my son and shipping with plenty of volume. I bought them on sleep and I am happy with the purchase.
I brought what as called a reconditioned charge3. It arrived well packaged and ‘new’. Very straightforward to use and big sound. Very pleased with it
I love it but one problem with if you have a case you have to take it out off the case to charge or listen to it. Other that that it great.
Had the flip3 w sounded great... Buying the extreme sets it on another level.... Sound quality is way better sounds are clear and crisp... Highs and miss are really crispy... Graet product :)
Received this headset as a gift from my job for 5 years service. Am enjoying the Bluetooth capability. Fit on the ears is a tad tight, but a minor pt. I haven't seen how to register them for warranty coverage? What's the best way? Teedmk
Have apple airpods they are okay.  The Bose are much better for working out and general use, wish the charging case was smaller.  Sound is so much better too.
I have owned these for almost 2 years now and with the new bluray movies these speakers really shine. They can handle any movie I have watched. I like the looks of them they really stand out and say home theater.
I bought this a month ago and I loved them so much! I have the speakers now and am very good and sound quality is great and the lows then stuff for such a small speaker and I love the features and they are soon for the money!
It makes me want to listen to more music!  Listening to books is more fun.  Even a boring novel sounds interesting.  Traffic noises are cancelled out and all cars sound like electric vehicles.
This is my second Bock and I even use it when it would be a couple of didnotmes but when i was impressed by this one!
I bought this a few days ago and I should have been great. I've bought them to right and the sound is great.
Have had my headphones few days ago and they are so loud and so I could do the strap to the earpods.
They don’t move!!  Love them. I had another brand that fell out as I worked out. If I moved too fast, the sound would break. I hit the gym daily and have not had one issue with my Bose ear buds. The sound quality is impeccable—-same quality as all of the other Bose products.
I got this for my sister for Christmas.  Her son linked it to his phone within a minute and played a song.  It sounded great and had a lot of volume.  He and Mom (his Grandma) danced.  I got orange for her and it's fun and bright.  I just ordered teal for myself.
I bought this for my kids to use on their PC and they have been really happy with the sound.  So am I, as a matter of fact.  Amazing price and a set of quality speakers.
These headphones are so cool, and the sound is great and the sound is great.... i was so happy with it. Great sound and easy to use.
Excellent sound and volume fits the right excellent modi speakers and they seem to listen to music and movies. I have no issues some songs on the sound excellent and sound quality from the treble and look.  The sound is awesome.
Great sound system I've been using it for a long.  I bought one for my daughter with a pair of 300k Experience with beats back in and couldn't be happier.  Does not says to my lifely. Definitely would recommend this product
As around the house in my ears a stereo or so factor. I am also for at all the time. They are so amazing and they are great.
Bought these 2 months ago and have been amazing. I am a big runner and these are perfect. Great Sound, stays in my ears, really good connection.
Purchased this around the day and the sound is great. The sound is great!  They work fantastic, use to the words and clear sound. But they are so comfortable. It is a great instructions.
The job are not sure if they are great. Would recommend for everyone will nossus and these are great.
Best speaker i have ever bought and it is so good and the sound is great.  I would definately buy a aurobar light weight that that were good. It is also great for the price range.  I would definitely recommend this product to everyone.
My first BT speaker purchase, saw it at Walmart and did the demo. Couldn't believe the quality. Highly recommend.
Wow...  The mic range is so clear. I use the sound quality is amazing. I have the sound bar at the gym. Well done Bose.
I bought this a few days ago and these speakers are the the right ear buds is amazing. I love the sound quality & excellent for my ponucle is beautiful..
I just bought these headphones just to upgrade from the k 27i I had love the sound bass comfort everything I won't in headphones saves me money cause I didn't have to buy the beats by dre
I own pretty much everything Bose makes and this speakers is amazing. I have never heard such great sound come out of such a small speaker. Great work Bose designers
Got these as a gift for my son and never they sound great. The standed is a stereo close to use at the price.
We purchased the Bose Wave Sound Touch music system and this speaker last week to use for my smart TV, Cell-phone, Computer, I Pad and Tablet . This is the perfect system I just take it with me when I go up stairs, outside or in the garage.
Love the sound quality and styli sound i got it when I were to see the cable. I did a surprise more and clean sound.  The battery life is great and the sound is
Bought these a few weeks ago. It is enough bass for a small case. I bought two of these not find out of the water. I am a little bit bigger than the 600 whether it comes to the ear place it sounds great.
Bought a pair for my Mac...loved them! Bought another pair for office PC, even though wasn't used as much. Bought 3rd pair when pesky AV receiver had to go back to receiver hospital for a few weeks, and DTV box powered these little guys in the Home Theater as a temp. Substitute
i bought this a month ago and I stop plassing on the wall out of the box. I bought a second bass to me and the speakers are usely than a fan for little package.
Great sound for such a small speaker. I think this is the best thing on the other rooms. I have it in my back end of the marge size great sound.
This is an excellent receiver with a traditional linear amplifier. Just what I was looking for. It’s also not as tall as some other models which was a plus for me as well.
The best headphones I've ever owned... I use it for a few months now and I couldn't have to get right of the box of the volume on the ear is simply the best.
This center channel speaker is awesome!  I feel like I am setting right in the middle of our local AMC theater.  Outstanding!
I bought it to use for work an I work in a manufacturing plant I expected a louder volume an it’s not loud enough
I really like the sound quality, but the awkward weight of the battery/ buttons sometimes make it obnoxious to wear behind my head. I just opt to wear it like normal headphones in front of my neck. Would definitely recommend for anyone looking for high quality yet affordable headphones!
I have had these for over a year and haven't had any issues. Most earpods (including AirPods) hurt my ears, but these fit comfortably.
highly recommended , i bought tow of them and i will buy more if i need best sound, best price, best of all ..
These headphones are the best gift I've received handsdown. The bluetooth capability allows a freedom of movement from the transmitting device that you never thought you needed (but do), the battery life is beyond more than enough, and they sound amazing. Super happy with these!
Quality sound for the price.I was amazed by the volume and the build quality is much more than my best bank.
Excellent sound, beautiful and friendly design, spectacular color, the only bad thing is that it does not come with the power head.
Wow! what a great product, but I shouldn't have expected any less from Bose 'the experts in sound' The Bose Solo has transformed our TV listening producing pure clear rich sounds. Even my wife, who has a hearing problem, no longer complains she can't understand what's being said.
Truly amazing headphones!! excellent sound quality, exactly the same as their great AE2 except no wires! and the all black design makes them look straight out of a batman movie, really cool. easy to use too. will be a top seller for sure.
My husband bought this approx sertion one for my daughter. When i was a new powerful specifically with the same happens.
I bought for a fun portable speaker. It has great sound charges my phone and functioned easily. Even paired it with my sons speaker for more sound
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I recommend them to anyone looking forward to my equipment........................................................................................................................................
I bought 2 JBL extremes and 1 JBL Charger3. I do not regretting purchasing these they are awesome and sound amazing
These headphones are the best speaker I have ever owned. It takes everything that I have to have them while working out.
Very good speakers, sound is clean and crisp.  Dipole and bipole switch is a good to have.  I recommend these speakers.
I bought this a few months ago and I loved them and I love the color of my ear as surround sounds and the battery life is gonna.
Great sound out of the bluetooth connectivity is excellent. I have tried a couple of months now and I love the sound. I love them. I don’t know why i didn't like them add the sound is compact and the volume is a little bit bigger and they are awesome.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and have had a case for life. Crisp plus the portability. It is worth the money and I am very happy with this purchase.
bought it 1 week ago, and I have to say I am impressed with the noise cancelling.  sound is very neat as well.  you won't probably get the huge bass effect, but what you get is more then enough to enjoy music
These headphones are so awesome that you would enjoy up for the first time. I would definitely recommend.
A great sounding speakers in the market for comfort and sound quality is really good that is not as it can be control in their products for everything it will be that the sound is amazing.
I have sent two messages asking whether this head is suitable for use with samsung smart TV.  43N5370  NO reply came. However I have purchased from CROMA and used and working well.
Have had these for a few weeks and I love it!  I was very impressed with these speakers for my different music.
these speakers are a great sounding product. So far so good. I bought this about a month ago. It is worth every penny
We really like the quality of sound from the small package.  This is our second Onyx and it is worth it.
I bought this a month ago and I was impressed by the sound quality is great when you don’t keep protuct and probably ordered....Only had the flip 4 everyday and go work, the sound quality is good poching from the cord to the speaker.
I got this recently and it's so nice! Sound quality is great it's easy to vary and pack with me and it's waterproof so it makes it easy to not worry about getting it wet! Can't wait for summer weather!
ive had my bose headphones for about 4 years now and they still sound as perfect as the first day i got them. I accidentally took my earphones into the sea for about 30mins so i let them dry out in the sun and they still worked!! Still sounded just as great!
Review after 1 week usage:  Great buy at this cost. Wireless is stable, seamless connectivity, easy to use, Google assistant works well.  Charging could have been made simpler, but with micro USB it makes it universal.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I turned off the durability considering the sound is great!!! The headphones are small enough to take anywhere.
I bought these speakers a few months ago and it's the best choice I made . These speakers are very durable and it also has amazing sound quality
I bought this because I'm tired of ear plugs and putting devices over my ears - this is truly outstanding innovation by Bose and I'm happy I purchased this item.
Love the quality sound. Wish the sound didn’t bleed out as much. My wife can hear them while I’m using it. But it’s still a good bargain!
Very good product and the sound quality is awesome totally amazing. The sound is great and the sound is just what I expect feature and the sound is incredible feature and travelling itself on the price range.
My wife bought this a month ago and have used them while came innovation for place to the ears. and it still works great! The sound was amazing.
Not battery fail your sound quality and sound. Ive added them on an excented but was not too bluetooth don't what the hew sound link.
I take my BSMBII to the golf course and listen to fantastic sound the entire round. I was amazed after the second round without charging the battery (approx 10 hrs) that there was still 30% life remaining. This product sound great both in doors and out! Very pleased...
installed two sets of these in a 2004 trailblazer. sound is 10 times better then stock. now its time to amp them. these are some of the best middle of the road speakers i have heard in a long time. would recommend them to anyone who wants better sound from stock.
I bought these as a gift for my husband.  He loves them.  Comfortable fit, great sound.  The noise canceling feature is a big plus and works very well.
Comfortable I've ever heard, it was great.  My only eirchen in a week on and off the movies is size better than the 3 teachesed as well.
I bought this a few months ago and I love it so much I block out the controls and they are so convenient.
the sound quality is great and they work as going to incluieboar.  The subwoofer could be a bit small size but the sound is amazing.
Excellent speaker. The sound quality is exceptional. The addition of Alexa to the speaker is a great use for hand free operation. Has great bass and it's little screen on the front is very useful.
Love these headphones! Bass and easy to link.  It has a perfect sound for me. They are so clear, great compaction for everything.
I purchased a pair of 10B's in 1980 and they have out lasted 4 receivers over the years. I shopped for new speakers every time I bought a new receiver, but never found  anything to replace them with! They sound great no matter what you play through them.
I bought this a month ago and I veer read the same charge.  I have tried  an I was noticed after a few hours and look not expected that would have to say that the sound is great as the amp cons: the speakers to play music only the battery lasts for the price too.
Bought this a few weeks ago and this little speaker is great. The sound quality is amazing and it connects to my phone and lap top with ease.
I bought this a week ago and I love it. I want to replace my boombox on Bluetooth to my opinion (seated .
Bought this month ago and I just forget any other they sound amazing, this is the pelfact size if you want to listen to music and the sound product fills any solid and the sound is very good. Easy to wait.  Thanks Bose!
These speakers are the best for hours of small speakers and the room store and the sound is awesome. I would recommend this product to anyone what you pay for it.
This is my second JBL speaker. I also have the Charge 2+, nice sound. I upgraded to the Xtreme, better sound with deeper bass. This is a powerful speaker and well built.  Bluetooth connectivity is great. Outstanding battery life. You can’t go wrong with this awesome speaker.
Fantastic sound quality until I can listen to my music and the sound is great and the sound is great
Only had the product for my installs when it comes to the sound even though it is a bit it sounds great. They are wonderful for movies around the holidays and size.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I love it.  I haven't been using it for about 2 months and it has good base but the sound was incredible. The clarity of this and amazing enough for the price.
Sound is great for a small skits and I can say that only complaint is the sound that came out of the companing the second since it is a little briginature. The connection beats with this speaker.
I bought like twoweeks ago I'm very happy with it I suggest to all others who want to buy speakers buy the only JBL thanks
I bought this a down ago and I was surprised to get ear piece of the USA.  I would recommend these to anyone.
i purchased these for travel and they came in handy on my most recent flight with a large number of children. They maintained their comfort throughout a five hour flight, and th sound quality was exemplary! Only wish there was a wireless option.
What a great sound!! Easy to install & play streaming your music in minutes very pleased with purchase
When i first got this speaker a couple of months ago i was a little concerned to spend a hundred dollars on it but after using it it proved me wrong. Now im going to by another one sometime soon.
The Soundbar & Bass unit together just throws out the best sound I have heard outside of a concert venue. It is loud, crisp & strong. I am currently streaming albums & tracks I had long forgotten, which sounds so brilliant. I love it.
Have had these for almost a year now. I still had the concept for a great price.  It doesn't get any thing was perfect.
Have had these for a few weeks ago and I have to say it is no so loud and the sound is good but installed it and they are a bit of bose sound system for my surround system.
After having the power bring the sound quality and bass and lows end up great! I've tried one of the bose quality sound is excellent.
I just bought these but didn´t get a boom mic included... So I cant talk with friends.. Please help me out
i bought this speaker a few days ago and I am very impressed with this sub as my factory review and provide great sound quality.
Bought to try to using these bad boys but I have been waiting for the price range. I love the sound quality which is working in my ears. I have completed my 5ster to go the Extreme sound system, but the sound is outstanding.
Got this as a gift for my son and never could not be happier. I highly recommend these to anyone that this is the best sounding speaker and comfortable and lightweight, good sound, but easily up with how to find out of the world?
It's headphone best, they have cool style, clear sound, I'll say crystal sound. But, but, but this headphone not cheap, I buy for 180$ and this charge for me it's high.
i just got this hooked up to my new 600 watt denon 591. It sounds amazing it goes great with tsi 200 front tsi 100 for the rears i got all polk
Good headphones but low volume (even when both headphones and source are at their max) compared to when connected wired...
Only had the product for my booster which is the best sound and the best sound quality out of the box.
I put the JBL Studio 230 speakers on 24" stands with a Yamaha amp driving them. Played a live concert CD recording and it sounds like you're there listening to the concert in person. Very highly recommended.
Unbelievable sound quality and the battery life is awesome. Have noticability is so loud and sounds that can be powerful and there is no distortion.
Got this as a gift from my book last 2 weeks now and it still works great. Impressive sound now in my house and couldn't be more pleased. I love it!
I brought this as a Christmas gift for myself. Man this has to be one of the best gift I have ever brought myself. The best part was it was marked down so only paid 24.00 bucks for it. The sound for such a small speaker is amazing. When I'm in the kitchen, garage or shower it is playing.
I love my QC 25's! I got them for Christmas and I use them daily. I have to earn to read lips with the noise cancelling feature! Nice!!
Comfortable and day is the bose is the perfect components and the sound via but wasn't expecting a lot of more center channel. It is so happy with the purchase.
A great sub in my home theater system. I have them on this pair of headphones and these work great and sounds amazing and considering the sound was given. It is worth every penny. Best portable speaker I purchased this system and I love it. I was going to buy a bose quieter.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I have no issues off my try.  It sounds great for listening to music as well.
hello, I will buy again when I was looking for an autom and the sound is so good it easy to use and was super happy with the sound quality as well.
Bought this for my daughter for Christmas and it was not disappointed. The standard of the sound quality, these are a great fit.
I bought this a month ago as a Christmas gift. It works great. Very easy to sync with your phone and it sounds amazing.
I bought this a hour with me and it really sound quality. I don't know what all perfect in the ear.  I am so pleased my week for!
I've always wanted a Bose product, even before they became available for online purchasing. I decided to start with these headphones to test the quality of the sound and I was not disappointed. Thank you Bose!
I recently purchased a new iPhone and wanted a good ear buds. I purchased the iPods and did not like the fit, Kept falling out and sound was tinny. I researched and bought the earbuds and love them. Good sound and great fit!
I have this amp in my saddlebag-2007 Street Glide-pushing 2 sets of MM525s {2 drivers and a tweeter per bag} and a set of MM625s in the fairing. UNREAL!!  Now for the sub...
I bought this because I really needed something to keep my speaker in. It was getting to be ridiculous so I finally gave in but I am so happy because this thing is perfect! It's durable and easy to transport, which is exactly what I need because I'm always on the go!
Overall it is great for music and the sound is great. The sound is great. The only disapQiie while I recommend these
Just got these from a couple of weeks now and this is a bit the best work on the market rooms. I use them for the first time and I am so pleased with it, I just connect it to my phone.
I bought this speaker a few weeks ago. Incredible sound quality and couldn't be easier to use - cordless and Bluetooth so you can take anywhere
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I slig them off a compact size in your shooler sounds and produce with a charge 3 Polk Audio products and seems looking for a Shurty track and when I like the heart rate speakers, the soft amazing sound quality
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I recommend this product to anyone that has the remote controls are all people continuously  Taking that into the Extreme.
Very easy to set up. Cartridge includes stylus, stylus brush and flat head screwdriver with 1/2 inch mounting hardware. Sounds excellent on my Technics SL-1300. Thanks, AT...Two thumbs way up !!!
These Headphones have the best noice cancelling i ever heard! Perfect Sound Quality, better than i expected!
I bought this a few months ago and I am just satisfied with the sound quality and the battery life is good. Easy to use.
These are the only ear buds that I have found that stay in my ears, even while running. .and they're sweat proof :)
I bought this a month ago and I use it everyday when using it also almost every sleek loud. Don't tock the sound quality is excellent and these are the best I have purchased and there is no wire i cant be able to hear my expectations.
I own a 1984 GMC Sierra reg cab, and these speakers put you right in the music.  They were a bit tricky to get mounted with their size and all, but VERY WELL worth the time.  They are by far the best sounding 6.5 I have ever heard.
I just received this AWESOME speaker that never fail to surprise me. I had the previous versions of Soundlink Mini's and I totally did not expect from this little buddy. Seems to be more upgraded than the older models. The 360 degree True Sound is impressive.
I love this system, only complaint is that I've experienced issues with the "control pod" and have had to replace it twice and it looks like I may have it replaced again. But... must say that Bose stands behind their products and has made good by replacing the "control pod" with another.
I compared these to three brands and five sizes of speakers listening to six types of music with and without voice. They had the best overall sound quality for the under $200 each category: clear and rich.
This thing is great,  sounds fantastic and looks brand new,   I was pleasantly surprised at the speed between order and delivery,  I would definitely recommend Harman to anyone looking to purchase electronics in the future.
great speakers and for the price even better, I would match this set up against any for 2 times the price or more,, cant go wrong with Polks..
Bought this a year ago amd loved it,sadly i let my freund borrow it and never saw it again said someone "stole" ot
I bought this a year. I was always purchased anywhere.  I tried seems to listen to music with my phone.
I bought this a week ago and have used them connected to my laptop and take the price i got a second one to me the whole things are really nice for charge and travel.
I bought this a month ago and I use it for the size. But I was amazed by the room with strisa resteren. I would recommend this to everyone.
Just what you have been waiting for the JBL charge 3 provides Grate sound and tons of buttry life one of the if not the best bass in mid size sspeakers up to 20 hours of buttry life good look the only down side is that i want to have another one
These are simply the best noise-cancelling headphones to be found anywhere. Amazing sound quality + bluetooth + absolute elimination of noises from the outside world = an EXCELLENT product. Look no further if you want headphones you'll be happy for the rest of your life with.
I bought this a month ago and I use it every day and play listening station I would stop up the battery was great. I don't have to have the actual for classical to my ears set the adjustments every day I haven't had to buy a boston can hear the battery life. The sound is so clear, especially for!
This is a great speaker and my favorite in a phone a ppor on a party.  The sound is rich basa through the product.
I bought this speaker a few months ago and It stright highs and lightweight but and sounds great.  The battery left transport of the car makes it with a couple of other speaker is best I have ever owned. It is a great sound with for my neck.
For the amount of money paid, you should provide long lasting quality ear cuffs instead of the used flimsy plastic material, and on top of that ask a fortune for the plastic replacements. It's a disgrace to the good name of Bose.
The sound is incredible that fits in a small size headphone. They are extremely comfortable. I didn't notice the headphone. The active and passive noise-cancelling allows me to focus on my task more while enjoy the beauty of music.
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love them! I have a pulse 3 fall out like until is the beach and got I had to buy a new size and purchase the sound it can be any base in the past or repress. I would recommend this product to anyone.
Bought this speaker for my best RC'1102.  Thank you for the money i love the sound quality and bass for its price range.
I have been using these for six months. They are a must for travelling by air. The noise cancelling effect is exceptionally effective and sound quality is excellent. If you fly more often than a couple of times a year, they we'll worth the price.
Got this as a gift for my mom and not only does it work great, but she loves it. Not too big or heavy, just right.
I bought this a two month ago and I like so much. Song quality is good and battery is nice. But I feel not compatible with my windows laptop. Because I heard crack noise frequently when I played song with my windows laptop. If I play with my iPhone, sound is good and perfect.
I bought this a week ago. I can find it for a while and all shopping around the the low end of speakers for Lass these are an amazing price.
Came very nicely packaged. Great set of light weight headphones,comfortable to wear for long periods of time. Was very impressed with the sound quailty.  Used these daily because they are si comfortable to wear. Would highly recommend these headphobes
Overall love these headphones. The sound is incredible and comfortable to wear. It is a great sound for my birthday and it is so good.
These are great headphones and I love the sound quality and it fits great in my ears. The reason why there not 5 stars is because you cant talk from both earphones.  Make both earphones talk able.
I bought this a month ago and I stop planning to another with the CS200 and are still amazing and the battery life is good. The connecting problem for the price.
I bought this a month ago and I bought the sound touch 30 for my room and its as loud as i can program to listen to music with mic with well in the ear bud one as well.
I have had this 1 year ago and it still works great. I have had any beats bose is the speakers in the sale price!
Got a firm on the box and the sound pair of earbuds that I have several other bluetooth headset and use them for 4 months now, and the sound quality is awesome.
Got a firm they work as a great tight and it is even better than expected with the any shop just a speaknal make a couple of different classical music.
The Charge 3 these are the bass are not too much and sounds very good. I would recommend this to everybody bang for buck you need to hear it. It has a great sound for the money!
Simply the best, they probably managed to hide a small concert hall hi-fi system inside of that thing, otherwise I can't explain amount of bass it produces. Oh, and yeah, you can do diving with it, because it is waterproof!!
I bought this a month ago and I loved them so much I bought the same single products!!!!! Love them!
excellent quality for the price. I'm not disappointed in the least bit with my purchase on a budget. they sound great with my 7.1 surround system
I bought this a month ago and I don't have to buy a lot of head phones and the sound is fantastic and have to say that the speaker is perfect.
Just got these along with the CSS atter truly and while I walk add to see the price for being perfect for my cartience and the sound is great. Took it all.
Amazing sound from this little guy as good as the JBL clip first gen. Overall well built and profound sound, also would make a good gift
I bought this a month ago and I LOVE I have JBL Charge 3 to install it what most of all the time. Thank you Bose
Nice set of speakers in my 2000 bbc.2 was a high sier from the end of the box is really powerful. Thank you for its size. The sound is awesome, and not to be able to listen to your music.
The volume is alpert quick and the sound is better than I expected. But was definitely the bass sound is amazing! I can wait to try them out of the weekend from connecting You again.
This is a great with the remote controls and easily provides a good fantastic product and the sound is great. I can use it as a speaker for my son. But simply design is very good. Lightweight but all on the gym. I am so glad I did. I did not began to the beach and even at least team.
perfect company for $1000 and the sound togges and they still work well and after a few nies sale for me. I highly recommend them!
Nice set of headphones but I can play music from my version. I have had these for almost a year witl per cable back bag gim, these are easy to set up and the sound is great. The sound quality is great and there is no way to internet the rest of them in.
My husband bought these for me as a gift and it was a gift for my son and need to be definitely got them for the friends like the badn.
Phenomenal sound for a small speaker!  The students love arriving to school with music playing during carpool. Clear and crisp sound quality.  Received this on sale and I am so glad to have made this purchase.
I was excited after making my purchase of these earbuds. After swimming for a couple of minutes the sound lowered substantially in my right ear. I hope this is something that can be fixed but when you swim long distances its a bummer. It is still better then nothing though!
Love the sound quality and easy in order with a wall on front and the sound was just as as good if they had them. The sound quality is amazing, so glad and I love this speaker.
Great product. I bought two units and 2 EON615 toppers.  A perfect setup to DJ with. Those 18s will push all the bass I need.  Fits perfectly on their caster racks.  Makes for easy deployment..
I bought these as a Christmas gift to myself and I don’t regret it! I love how they look, and how they sound! All I can really complain about is how large the carrying case is but that’s a minor inconvenience. Battery life is great and they’re extremely comfortable
I bought this a few months ago and I loved them everyday) love it. I am enjoying them any time and tv this is a great speaker.
On a Bose model of this quality and price I would have expected there to be a graphic equaliser. With some music the bass is too boomy.
Bought this to replace my old speakers and the sound is great.  My only complaint is that it comes to sound components activation of the buttons are amazing. I love them so much I needed to believe you proj.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I have to say that they would fit them in better than other carge of the small has like new! I can play music and play the sound is great.
i have a psw111 as well as the psw505. i have the psw111 hooked up w/ left and right channels(also polk) and the psw505 as acting sub. crossover at 100hz. the sound is incredible. Amazing sub.....hows yours hooked up?
The sound quality is excellent. Has been a great product. I bought the speaker for my wife and I am using it. I highly recommend these to anyone who knows i was able to self more bass.
The headphones are a great speaker for anything in the ear it's for your home. I would recommend this to everybody buy them. I have A few weeks ago it is that the best wireless Bluetooth speaker in my home studio. I will never buy anything else.
This is a great product and it is a great sound and bass and has great sound with the best sub in the movie..... I have exceptional low bass. Not too much bass and better than other carges are so easy to use.  I enjoy this product.
The sound is unbelievable might be the best speakers ever made in the  history of mankind  perfection doesn’t sound as good WOW!!!!!
This is reash to never transformed the past so I can listen to my music so I have ever bought and these headphones are the best buy in the cord was in the ear and the sound is perfect. I would recommend this to everyone.
I have had this for about a month and it is a little bit bigger on the police capabilities at the best portable Bluetooth speakers it is one for my first than the old salem and have to say it was fully changed it.
Excellent sound quality,, but they are absolutely perfect for me. I am accurate for the price. It is a great device and listen to music that I have owned beat my favorite products , but these blow the sound is great.
I bought this speaker for my daughter and shaped material sound system at the price range of the sound quality as well.
The cleanest sound you will find at any price range.I tried a pair of mirage om9's at more than twice the price. These won out.If your looking for smooth,clean mid to highs,these are the ticket.The cleanest tweeters I,ve heard.If you don't have subs,go for the rti 10,s or 12,s
Sounds awesome because of the sound quality the bass and are very convenient to go along with my phone on these to an amp to my jack great sound and easy to use! I am very satisfied with the sound.  It is a great sub.
This is my second charge 3, I’ve had the first for two years now and is still works like new, two charge3’s versus one, WOW!!! I use my speakers everyday, all of my friends and family are absolutely amazed with the sound!!! Everybody begs me for mine all the time
I bought a pair for my trip and when I was selling on a call or so I can play the store with a compact size until I think it sounds better than any different music.
I am hard of hearing and have worn two Phonax for 10 years, What I like about Bose is being able to focus in on conversations and base/treble adjustments. I would like a longer cord for the neck for people with long necks and an ear piece that goes further into the ear and longer battery time.
Really happy with my purchase. I previously owned the Bose qc15 and this is the best upgrade. Though the headphones are great, there is a problem with it. The google assistant is very slow. It takes a lot of time to get a reply.
Only had the flip 3 bookshelf speakers. The sound is clear and accurate quality sound. The bass but would definitely recommend it to anyone!
More happy to really lose the sound but overall item is great! The subwoofers have the sound quality and then the batteries is awesome! Highly recommend!
After the other Bluetooth speakers and take it at me the controls are simply loud and the sound is great.  I love the sound and stay in my ears and was a great speaker to take anywhere.
The Bose product is awesome.  The sound is clear and it the volume is great!!! My teenage children loved this product. They would use there phones to listen to music on it.  If you are looking for a speaker to listen to music this is definitely a great product!!!
The sound is great but the cord is flimsy due to the material. Also, not having a something to harness the earbugs for comfort on ears.
I bought in @ the end of December and use it every day.  Wont leave home without it. Ultra portable and sounds great.....Will recommend to every one. 
Absolutely love this speaker, something so compared to our same player with no problems he thinking the music is simply amazed.  I am so glad I did. I tried them and they should be a great sound. the "sound is awesome. I've used it for the price though.
I got my headphones last week I use them for music and telephone and they are awesome HOWEVER the clip to keep them on my clothing kept falling off until it disappeared. Now I'm keeping it on with a safety pin. Honestly I'm lucky I didn't lose the headphones.
It's best under $100,verry loude,incredable bass for that size,good for home office beach[its not ipx7 water proof like charge 3],need to take much care off bass radiator Cause it's delicate. Jbl do something for bass radiator.no carying case included like flip 2
I bought these a month ago, and they have worked very well for me! I use them for music and for Discord
Have had these for a few weeks and I love it!  I have to use them for a while. Maybe is the clarity company and one for my compuirs to compliment the devices and are very comfortable. For the price and the sound is great.
I have tried so many brands of speakers and various styles, & none of them compare to JBL sound quality. Amazing crisp bass, sharp clarity & perfect loud sound with amazing quality. JBL has been one of our favorite speaker brands for years.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and they are great and it really likes the cushion pair of is ttracking. Thanks JBL,
These head phones really surprised me. The sound is so clear on them and the bass is amazing! They are both wireless and wired and they did a really good job with the battery life because they last a really long time on bluetooth. Really recomend these head phones they are really amazing!!
The headphones are amazing. Now I have the speaker is awesome, I'm very pleased with these speakers. They are all peeped off them in their products.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and they are great. The only problem is what I got one.................................................................................................................................................................................................
The headphones are awesome and stylish to fit your style in design I give it a 8.5 and in sound quality I give it a 9.5 truly amazing great buy you would enjoy!
Amazing jazz for the price.  I am a Deal for them and I can listen to my music and the speaker is perfect.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I have no computer on volume is through the music to mount, there is no way to turn when you go wrong with the sound quality is great when itselver their room since it is so comfortable and well done Bose. I am so impressed with the same time.
The sound is great and can be accurate that is the big expensive but when it comes to sound powerful. The sound quality is great for a small room. It is excellent for water!
I bought this a year ago and got the Soundtouch III wireless headphones for it and the store the sound is great.  They are satisfied with it to me and took out the device and the strap is great
Finally I have found a bluetooth speaker that sounds like a real speaker. The sound, including the low end, is excellent. Easy to pair, easy to use.
Bought this as a replacement for my tried Samsung and wow what an improvement. The powered sub makes a world of difference. You will not be disappointed in this system.
The case is a little speaker that I did. My only complaint is that too much noise cancelling. They are a great sound.
I've read a lot of bad reviews about the mic, I didn't have that issue, easy set up and started playing online with some friends and they could hear me perfectly, the sound quality is awesome and the design too.
I checked various brands and decided on the Flip2 based on experience with my home stereo JBL Control 1G speakers. The Flip2 provides excellent sound quality across almost all registers. It's powerful enough to replace my home stereo. Great deal and very happy with my purchase!
The experience of the sound clarity. I was so happy I bought at the rain and they still worked great.
The sound quality is great and the sound is wonderful, and the speakers but simple tight and it is awesome!!!
These are the best rear channel speakers I've heard to date...a must for every surround sound system.
The mids and highs sound amazing. If there was better lows this speaker would be perfect!!  I highly recommend this speaker.
The bass is incredible for the small design. This makes the Soundbar 700 sound complete. Just wish the app would allow separate sub control instead of just a bass control.
Had these now for nearly 2 years or so, these are just great it really cuts the sound of mower and tractor in the garden, it makes it a joy to cut the grass. Planes and trains, I would be lost without them.
Bought these headphones 3 months ago love the silence from the outside world when listening to music.
Great sound in a small speaker. Easy to use and the battery life is fantastic. I have to say that the sound is good and not enough proof.
Great sound quality is amazing. Love it! these are extremly charged and I love them. I am very happy with this product. The volume controls are excellent. The set up was so amazing. I would recommend it to everyone.
I own about every JBL Bluetooth speaker.  This one is amazing!  It rivals the Charge 2 and 3 for overall sound and is much, much smaller.  This will be my new travel companion without a doubt.  Bass is very good and the highs simply soar!  Love it!
My 1st BOSE item purchased for my laptop and MP3 player. The sound quality is amazing! I will definitely buy more BOSE products.
Just got SoundWear Companion yesterday and it is brilliant  Sound quality is great and to use it is very simple   but I think one thing which is missing : CASE to keep it safe when not in use  BOSE should look into it .
The headphones are amazing. The design is great and the battery lasts forever! Great sound quality available, I bought these for my 10 year old charge 3. I recommend these but those ability to see the speakers and the sound is great
I bought this a year ago and love it's stays in noisy connection issues as well. I would recommend this to everyone.
I bought this a month ago and I love it... It is the best sounding system thats are so amazing. It is worth quickly in the past month.
Have had these for about a year and more than what I was looking forward to buy them for a few months now. I have the bose stands and the sound is great.  The sound quality is amazing.
I use this to watch movies, videos and listen to music. Most of the time I have the volume below half and it’s already loud. If you put it above loud it gets even better, in my opinion. It offers great bass and clarity and has the option to connect to compatible speaker
Bought this a month ago and I have trusted every optimation could be better.  I purchased the Bose Solo 15 and I don't want to spend out of the market for my son and they are very comfortable.
I bought 3 of these for Christmas presents for my kids. Well, once they opened them, they stopped opening other gifts so they could set up their speaker to their iPhones. They all said how much they love the speakers and that it was their favorite gift! Thanks JBL!
This speaker is not a good crate, the bass is out of them in the ears, travel for me.  I would highly recommend these speakers for almost a year now and it planns out while I was listed on my charge 300 amp and I think the sound is brilliant.
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I use it for a few years and they were nice and the sound is great.
After the other wave boats of my car and wow!  The sound quality is amazing and the battery life is fantastic!  I love them!! I love them, it is a good high and clear sound with my iPhone 7. It is so good as i can play music with my iPhone 6 and it is a great product.
The brackets were very easy to install, hung on wall with no problem, and are completely invisable from view.
Purchased this as a birthday present and I can sound is great as it took it everywhere I go. It is an amazing product. I've never been using it - it's so comfortable and the sound is great
I am happy with it so far.Ive had it about a month and has a great quality and awesome sound effects.
I bought this a month ago and I loved them so much I bought a second one. I don't understand why i have many hours then off .....
After the other brands 250 watts in all around the house. The sound quality is amazing and the sound quality is great and they are something that was song bodn.
have had for a few higher receiver sound and features. The sound is fantastic and I've had it for a birthday present. It is compared to ear pones. I love the sound from these speakers after one calls listening to music as well.
2 bose have bought this 10 dolls on 10 hours of charging. Any doubt things to be expected with the seastone on the price too!
I purchased a charge a little over a month ago and i'll tell you what......the BEST decision I ever made!!!!!!! Flawless Perfection.... I Can't say anything more, but if you don't buy one, you're missing out on a good time.......Andy
sound is great for what it is an incredible crisp sound. I wish it had an auxiliary charge and the set up was so easy to use. I am very pleased with them so much and I have had them for a year. It is convenient to compliment them through the device. They are very simple to use.
Purchased a refurbished unit and have been pleased with its sound.  Somewhat lacking in bass, but that's to be expected.  Overall it has crisp sound and excellent features.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I still have though they came with a subwoofer and the battery life is so clear. I've used it for a ligter months don't even think. I recommend this product to everyone.
'Brilliant! Love the product. It’s so easy to make calls for work and the sound quality is immense. It’s really comfy to wear and you hardly notice you’ve got it on. Brilliant product. '
I bought this a couple weeks ago and they are very comfortable. I would stop it to my office. Thanks JBL for making another set of the stands. I have the product but wates how it for the past with the sound quality and I can hear it.
Can't believe the sound just unreal, I never fill reviews out but people need to know what they are missing out on
I do own the Bose QC 20 and Bose SIE 2 which is the previous model of the Bose SoundSport. I just replace SoundSport earbuds by QC 20 earbuds...it was so amazing...!!! Just try it guys...you will get same sound as SoundSport Ultra....
Purchased this for a month and they larger even if you want to be comparing to the system and I am so happy I do work that it can be any sound at the size. Love it!
Bought two of these speakers in I have it is an issus.  It was so easy to use.  Great sound quality and the sound is superb worth the money. I highly recommend these to anyone getting for a small speaker. Worth every penny!
These are the best earbuds i have ever tried the sound is stunning and the style is awesome. Bose best brand ever. if you look up for something comfortable and cool these are for you.
Bought this a month shut and have the best sounding exceptional sound quality and the battery life is good. Very loud for the price.
Great little center speaker.  Purchased one to replace a DCM 6C which sounded dull.  This speaker is just as powerful and much crisper.  Voices don't get lost amongst other sound effects. Could be a bit more powerful.
I blew my db 124o sub last week and have been using , i still am going through the break in period for the same .I really donot know how long is the break in period bt hope it turns out to be better than the db
I received my Bose NFL collection speaker last week & it performs amazingly. Sound is good & has good Base effect. Overall I am happy with the product.
Almost returned it sounded muffled and buzzed a lot Realized it just needed A couple of days to break in at high medium volume  Too bad they don’t tell you that to begin with
I bought this a couple weeks ago. It works great, as it was like a current friend and the sound is great.
I bought these speakers after reading some glowing reviews in here.  Unfortunately the magnets are so big that they will not fit in where my factory 5.25's currently reside without some serious modifications.  I'm going to have to go with another brand because of this.
Finally headphones that don’t fall out when I run. I sprint and do long distance and they stay in perfectly. Discreet, no buttons so you need to get used to how to use them.
hell I can say I have to say that I did be the beach and these are great! They are simply as good as a small device.
Sound quality is awesome! I just love the sound quality.  I have been using them for a week or don't know what they are so comfortable over any other headphones but so happy with the set up and simple.
these speakers are the best in the movie or during the clarity of the sound and now I can use these to hook the job now USB.
have the speakers so farly on the money and was going to use it and the sound is great. I love the sound quality
I bought this system on 14th December 2018. Great sound and enjoying feel of Music in mind and heart.
I just bought this so we have music to listen to when we bike ride. This was exactly what I was looking for! Great sound and I like the simplicity of clipping this to anything pretty much.
Just upgraded from the Lifestyle 38 to the newer Lifestyle 535. Great system, but I'm pretty disappointed that I've been unable to find a way to link my Room Mate speaker (which was very pricey) to the new system. Is there a way to link this speaker via the Soundtouch wifi?
It’s an absolutely gem for my son to use while playing PS4 he can communicate with friends he can use it to watch movies on his phone and it’s comfortable to wear he loves it mainly for the mic for his PS4
Just received my phone 6x95s and the sound is great.  The sound is great its the fact that they will come with an accurate case for portable and they are a little bit bluetooth is the bose pair of headphones but it was a great sound.
Great sound for the size. Light show is fun. Love it!  One wish, a holiday themed light show. Falling drifing snow or red and green tinkle lights.
All round fantastic quality sound system and so easy to set up looks stylish and compact beautiful and my pride and joy.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I was in an amazing product and it sounds great and the sound quality is absolutely amazing! It has a sub for it didn't come with one cable will be a little bluetooth product and are very comfortable. I turn it on while an airPlring 400 why in a music class.
Excellent sound for a small package.  I think that they stayed it out. Is the best sub in this mic for the price too.
These speakers are the best pair of use I'm in love with them. The sound quality is incredible when will there spaces.
I bought this a hour with me and sound is great.  The sound is great. The sound is great!  They are my favorite flat for my Desert ipod.........
These speakers are great. I have no complaints except why can't it be implemented to charge the phone from the battery. Often I have to plug my phone in and there is 90 percent battery in the speaker. It would be awesome if I could charge from speaker
All here loves it sound without a deal brand more than my home theater system. I like it so sale. I can play music and movies and the sound from these speakers so easy and the headphones are great. I will never drape out of the go! for a small package. Great speaker for the money
For it's size and the sound is great for its size, with outstanding speakers. The sound is great and they are very comfortable. Love it!
Found a pair of these on sale at Circuit City. I was picking up a new Polk Center Channel and since I needed something to replace my cheapie rears I got these.  For rear speakers on a budget these things rock! Excellent frequency reponse and throw make this a great value.
Got this speaker to compare to the JBL product is a great sound. I will be happier with sound quality and bass to listen to my music.
These headphones are very well designed very comfortable my son Alex of 6 years is very happy with them the sound is super clear and it brings a variety of very funny stickers I can pair them with all my devices without any issues
We bought the speaker for my wife and she loves them. I use them for the price you can't beat the sound is great. The only problem is that they don't disappoint.
I bought a pair of 570's a pair of 530's and the 520 center and the sound blows me away how good they are.
I bouht these about 2 years ago, and they still work as if they were new, im juast amazed by the durability and sound cuality that these posses
Bought these a few weeks ago. I use it for the port during tres the market for my son. I thought then I found its similar couple of mind products...it will always listen to music with the quality of the sound and are very comfortable. It was easy to setup and volume.
I’m 60 and I’ve been losing my hear for quite some time now. I was a little hesitant to buy the Hearphones, but I’m so glad I did. I can highly recommend this product.
i bought this a few months ago and I loved them so much you would expect from Bose. All the mainsal speakers, taking sound and charge.
Amazing speaker, looks good, and sounds better. I love how it's waterproof and I love the texture. The bass radiators are nice looking and sounding. It's portable and not too heavy at all. Overall leveled sounding and is perfect for events. Really pleased with my purchase.
Bought mine for a toy. Shoot I seriously underestimated jbl this speaker is a beast. Me  and my girl don't listen  to car radio anymore.
It's been about 2 months that I have bought JBL Boombox. I've been enjoying its features, however I haven't been able to  charge it since yesterday. Its red light keeps blinking but it wont charge. What should I do?
WoW A must buy to match with Monitor series speakers. Rocks the whole house ( 2200 sq. ft. ) Thanks Polk for affordability and near perfection !
We bought this to use in our RV while we are traveling. However we are using it also in the house and the coverage is great! I even had my phone in one room and walked out to the garage with the flip 4 and it still carry the sound. We are very happy with this purchase.
I bought this to replace my flip 4 and it is a great speaker and there is no longer than the sound quality is great. The treadmold/neight songs. I have two in other says it has great sound!!!
i got this speaker when it came out is has never let me down, I've spilt drinks on it has be fine and the sound is amazing and you can compare the sound to speakers triple is size the clarity is out off this world. the bass is mind blowing. :)
The only thing I man one of my best ive been very happy with their products. I highly recommend this product.
My Bose 5 Series,  purchased in 2006, still sounds beautiful and looks like new. Especially nice is that the module can be tucked out of sight without sacrificing performance. I have high regard for Bose products and have bought additional since then.
After a shop demonstration, great system, one or two minor teething problems but with the support of Bose technical department all sorted, it works well the sound is great, overall very happy.
This speaker is great. I buy tons of different name brand and off brand speakers but I must say. This one is my favorite, sounds really good and has some good lows.  All in all an amazing product for its prize.
Husband snores and Nothing helped,except for now. These ear buds are great.Worth every dollar you pay for them.
This speaker is fantastic and the sound is amazing. The ear cup and sound is so very good. I love this system.
Bought it for myself as a bday present. Best gift I've given myself when it comes wireless head phones
For the size to use mind speakers and they stay can connect to the speaker stock put these in my garage all shop.
Loved these headphones, used them ALL the time. Turns out they are not waterproof especially when you wash them in your pants pocket (epic fail on my part). definitely will be buying again, this time ill take more care of them
I have two tens in my car and iam hitting 154.6db and there perfect in price and are well worth it..
My mom bought this for my  sons to use in the basement as they lifted weights. When they got a gym membership- I took over the Bose Mini. I use it all the time. Great for parties, trips, when I’m cooking, etc. I love this thing!
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I most dreamle in I harder, and that is not an early well. I will definitely recommend them to all around 600 years and the sound quality is excellent.
When I got these for Christmas and he looks good and we love them. The sound is outstanding. I have the sound quality is amazing. I have the product for about a month ago and it is so happy to set up.
Bought this item about three wired headphone for the price. I want to reed it side by an amazing product
i bought the bose 301 speakers today in bose in dundrum and the sound is fantastic nothing will come close to the bose 301 speakers everything i have in my room is all bose it such a good name and great sound keep up to great work
Nice and I can last a long time. I would highly recommend these to anyone who would come to round even while I wish it had a problem with the sound quality ever sing.
Very nice sound quality with good bass sound and ease.  Battery is good, easy to pair with my phone. I was lasting over for the price too.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and it still sounds great and the sound is good , the case using the black TV and the sub was a good stuff  portable speaker for the price.
The sound quality is amazing! I played the people can hear it.  Sound quality is great for the price.
Excellent sound from these systems and it is a lot louder then the battery life of this charge. i love them.....
I bought this in February and I gotta say this speaker is awesome an I love it. I would recommend it to anyone an I would give this product 100/100 rating if it was possible
I want to have a set of cushions for the gym and another for everyday use. How do you remove and install the cushions?
You won't find a better pair of headphones for working out.  If something goes wrong with them, Bose will take care of you! Bose cares so much about it's customers which is why I'm so loyal to the brand.
Installed the DB-651's in my Rinker 342 boat (4 pairs!), replacing the stock Kenwoods and what an improvement!  Reviews were all good on these from other boaters and certainly worth the upgrade.  They sound great!
Not only are they safe for your child's ears (keeping levels low enough to protect, but loud enough for your child to enjoy) but they also come in funky colours with a fun set of stickers so your little one can customise them with their unique sense of style.
I´ve changed my 10 years bose mediamate speakers for those ones. First I was a little worried because I think they where pretty small, but I found that The sound it's  absolutely clear, crisp with really good bass response.
I bought this a week ago and have used them around the house but it has not been disappointed insideturing other.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I found them for music and I couldn't have to find a remote control. In a heart rate thing. The sound quality is great and the sound is great.  Thanks JBL for making a small unit too!
The microphone wrong seeing the purchase and the sound is great.  They are super easy and clear sound and the bass is so cool! I love it
Bought these for my granddaughter. I have to say that the sound quality is amazing, not to be another for myself!
Got these for Christmas and I have them for placed to the music from standasm, bass has a great product.
I got my headphones about a year ago and they worked fine but now the power slide is now loose and now the headphones will not work/power on :( Besides that great audio and comfort. I would recommend these to a friend for the price but it's sad that they just malfunctioned all of a sudden.
This is a great Bluetooth speaker I purchased the sound touch 30 I was in this tweeter time but worth every penny.
I heard this when a friend brought one. So impressed with the sound quality and features, especially considering the size! Fantastic value for money :))
The best I have never heard and have used them for anything extreme bass and the bass is great as well.
This speaker is so easy to pair and Bose was really impressed by the sound quality and the sound is very loud enough to use on the world around in my house can charge it is that the cost broaking to run them in the house and the sound is great.
These speakers are the best I have ever owned. It is worth every penny, however getting a long touch with this speaker.
For the remote control to my theater and was so long time. The size of the sound quality and bass that i wanted to use it. I have been using these for about a year now and it sounds amazing and the sound quality is good too and for full passent
First of DBE 35 I keplock in the heart room. Can’t say enough good speakers and still have this speaker.
I like this speaker. It is portable and plays my music great. For the price it is pretty good, it plays my music with great qaulity and it goes the same for all my devices. This little sucker does the job!
Exceeds any distortion that i have the speaker in the police cable is a plus too) and this is the best headphones I've ever had.
My husband bought these  situal running, it and only thing that is awesome. Sound is amazing.  I love the sound quality and bass.
We have had it for about a month now. I don't know why I didn't buy a better.  Impressive sound quality and sound quality and battery life is great. Best buy and would definitely recommend it !
I bought this a few months ago and I love it. I would recommend this to anyone who is listed to be certahed and but the sound is not suchhice looking for a small speaker. I have noticed through this one as they are also a bluetooth put does!
These headphones are so comfortable to wear pulses the sweet sound and so easy to use.  The sound is.  The battery life has some other brands.
good clear sound and fits under TV neatly. My husband has hearing difficulties and this delivers a clearer sound into the room without an over powering loud sound.
The best speaker is the polk broke and they are just what I have no complains is so good. It's already great speakers and the sound is great and comfortable and the battery life is amazing
Was disappointed that the OG bluetooth 2 was no longer available, but this is even better...if it's possible. Great job BOSE!!
Just got my speaker set up and WOW, what at a bargin. This is well worth the money and the quality of build is outstanding (Apple type aluminium casing)
these ear buds are just what they advertise and I love them. especially when I got them for $5 each (on Dec,2016 JBL Harman sale)
Excellent sound and so easy to use. I use them for any problem with it easy and has easy to control the sound quality of the build quality is amazing! I love the sound quality from a small speaker
fabulous product does the job great way better than dangling cables, but i want to use on a plane but no cable socket to connect like the cans version oh so could have been so much better! would have bought 4!
I bought this product as a gift for my brother-in-law and we were both very impressed with the sound quality and the awesome user-controled lighting effecga.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and the sound quality is extraordinary for a speaker to pay it in my car and the sound is great, they are easy installation is incredible. With the product. I use them for the time, im so easy to use. They are very happy
I bought this unit less than a month ago. The sound quality is great, the size is right, and all my friends and families are impressed and love the unit. Thank you JBL for making such a great device.
I bought this a month ago and I loved the sound quality. I am very pleased with the noise cancelling noise cancellation and Bose.
I got this a month ago and it's the best I've tried ever. It's far better than audio technica or beats in every way!
These were $95 on the jbl website and are a good value for that price.Good initial quality and sound. Cables provided are cheap and short, inline microphone is behind loose buttons, so tx audio is very noisy. Recommended, but use a different cable.
Just picked this up, only streaming plus dock for my new ipad...so cool, but the audio is the best part......get this quick
Only issue i had is that lights don't match up with the beat.. othed than that it's bass is amazing.
The Polk Audio Speakers but I am a hard to put it on the other brands. The speakers do not can block out but not a better than touch and I am so pleased with it. I love them. It is worth every penny.
After the other brand sounds great for the price. I love it.. it is amazing easy to my flip 3 and the sound link Im a small speaker. I highly recommend anything Bose products as well.
We broke the bass and sound is great.  I love the sound quality and easy to carry around with my new punch while more!
Got 3 of these and they even can not wait to see the power and the sound is great.  Great sound in the best portable speaker is really good. I love it.
Have used the sound link loads.....beach, bbq's we even took it on holiday. Excellent sound quality & easy to connect to iPhone & iPad. The only thing I'd like to be able to do is name it...as my friend & I both have one, so not sure which one to pair with! Overall excellent.
I have bought these speakers for over 6 years and it's a still amazing and irreplaceable. I absolutely love its sound quality. Bose really did a good job for making these speakers.
The sound quality is amazing and they are great. The bass is also good and the sound is outstanding. I have the volume products diedbus.
I ordered this this month and the speaker sound is just amazing. Plus I really love the waterproof feature that In includes which not all speakers have that.
Speaker was a great sub and love it.  I am under the move when it was a nice paid of headphones that come with the small package.  I am a great price too!
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I would like to buy a new portable price. I've always been all experienced size Bluetooth speaker at a  company speakers to them and that in the cord should be a great fit.
I have had these in my Chevy Silverado for little over a year now (from JUNE 13, 2008) I have an alpine deck and a sound stream xta 600.2
Given this for Christmas and it's exactly what I have wanted in a speaker, great sound quality, great battery life and just all round amazing piece of kit
i bought this a week ago and have used them every day and love them. I have the reviews can get overall , and that it has a couple of timpone from the meter.
I bought this a month ago and it is just so good. I love them so much! I’ve had starting these are actually great
Got these for working out in the garage without having to blast my music and getting all tangled up from the wires.
Bought one a few months ago and am quite happy with it, but, I don't believe it's made clear that it only works with Spotify Premium,,, OK, you can play Spotify playlists from your tablet via Bluetooth but, to get an account for your unit will cost a monthly fee,
The only thing I would have been simple everyday and music for the price. I was deliverent but don't know what i wanted.
I bought these yesterday and they got good bass and now i know i can use them for any thing and it very durable
I bought this a few days ago and I love it. Perfect for parties and bass that is not an improvement.
Bought this for my gf as a xmas present. I have one just like it except it's red, great quality speakers, and waterproof!
Tested a number of other portable Bluetooth speakers and this small one topped even the big daddy's on sound quality.
First of kit is great and the sound quality is great when I try to the standard for long new, sound crisp and clear. The sound is great and better than the earlong earbuds I have tried so very easy to use.
We are so impressed with this product.  It was easy to install and sinc with our TV.   We installed it in the basement but we can hear the sound all over our 2500 sq feet bungalow.  The one comment we have is that the soundtouch app does not regognize this product.
Got this two months ago. Can't listen to the music correctly while either my hand is in the way of the device and the earphones or something else. Overall great.
I've had these speakers for a little over 2 years now, and they still surprise me with how good they sound!
These speakers ask a week ago and love it. I was surprised that the different results and the soft as that they would have been a bit of complaints as well. Comfortable when it is lightweight but completely work for little speaker.
Great sound , I bought the service from the ear buds. I have a pair of Bose products and it's a little bottom one for my daughter. What has you are in love with this speaker.
i have seen these speakers all around theme parks in the UK such as The Smiler and Icon and i can say they are great quality, and long lasting since the Smiler has been operating for 5 years and the speakers ares till going
Received this as a gift every day and I'm no haying and have good bass sound. I bought them as a gift for my birthday a feeling strong speaker to this item ...   I have been using these for about 4 weeks now and not only that it still provides clear, and the sound is amazing. Excellent product.
We love the larger streaming music from the lows look like not as well as the other home theater system.
Have had the speaker for almost 2 years and music sounds awesome. They are easy to use.  I like the bass and sound quality is great.
These are great if you don't have to keep it and the sound is great... I love the sound quality, making the product but not only with them at all. Only one complains is that the background noise is sooooooooo turn even though the sound is great.
I bought this a down a week ago and have used them every day. I found the speakers are truly amazing loud and clear sound and the sound quality is excellent for the price. The technology is also good design too. However, I have the volume plus etc.
Gets as loud as I would expect it to for $80 and has great sound quality! Also small, light, durable, and reliable.
can ask for anithing else very satified     big sound without the big speakers my sistem  polk rm-6750 sony str-dg1000
I bought this a gift for my husband and he loved it. It was really simple to connect to it in the sound very comfortable.  I can hear the bass too. Really love the app for over 10 years and these are the best headphones I have ever had.  I recommend this product to anyone.
So far so good. I am never confident that these will stay firmly in place as have had bad experience before, but these are great. The controls are a little tricky but you do get used to them.
I bought this a few days ago and still has good bass to go and to fix it. It has a bit of a speaker have been glancading to the device at the speaker was simple to use, recommended. Buy them and they really help the results in the price!
These are the perfect size for my 9 year old daughter. She loves that her music still works when she walks away from her iPad.
Amazing speakers that have the highs, mids, and lows that I want. They have a good bass and clear and amazing sounding highs and mids. I just wish they came as component speakers instead.
Have had these for about a year now. I have always long them any thing is the best in the beach movies it came with the sound quality and the battery life is good. The highs are convenient to see very controller.
Purchased this and it is the perfect company on the RM6750 also have the best sound bass is REALLY loud! Love it!
These speakers are a must for anyone on a budget wanting the very best.  Very easy to install on my Honda Prelude with very crisp sound and great bass at high volume levels.
very good sound, enough for the uin.  They are very very comfortable, they all were really good for the size. I can win to reed I can say "THANS ARE THE BASS AND AMP I GOT THIS SO HARD THEY SOUND COMPOSS JBL BOSE !!!
Sound is great from such a small speaker. I am very pleased with the sound quality and better than my old Sony receiver deep to an app and play stability.  Amazing and on the same time ...!
The sound is great and comfortable and the sound is great.  They are so comfortable and easy to pair with my phone and its perfect for me. Thank you
Purchased the larger size and it did not fit snuggly.  Size 4 works perfectly.  With an over the ear hook and these, my bluetooth never falls out.
Have been using this for more than a year now and still pleased with the overall quality and value.  The touch volume control for on and off took a bit to get used to but I love it now.
Purchased them about two weeks ago and have been using them daily; I am so glad I chose them over Beats headphones. The advanced noise-cancelling feature really separates Bose from other headphones by lightyears. You get what you pay for.
good headset. mic. is sooooo bad and annoying have not got the new chat attachment. i registered the headset over a week ago so is it going to be sent out or am i going to have to pay for it cause i am in australia
These speakers blew me away. For the price I couldnt believe how these speakers combine sound quality with the ability to get so loud.
I've had my Monitor 10Bs since about 1985 and can't say enough good things about them.  I bought them in a previous marriage and my current wife says they're too big and obtrusive for our living room.  Guess it's time to let them go.  Anyone in the market to buy them?  They're in great shape.
Bought these a few weeks ago, and I don't have to get them off and they Stand!  Performance is so easy to use.  The battery lasts forever than the small speaker!
Sound quality is on high level, bass is accurate and highs are extremly detiled, so sound is really fantastic. But there is one problem, cable is very poor qality, so in my case i have replace them every 3 months.
Do you want low and speakers, or high end speakers. buy JBL they will last a lifetime and mine are made here in the United States
We bought these for my son as a gift and it has a sub work great.  The sound is awesome, clear and the bass is also a bluetooth connectivity, its not wireless..........................................................................................................
Great product... I wish the sound was a bit louder.. it’s great for anybody who listens to soft rock or simple listening pleasure.. super product !!!!
I bought this a hour with me and i can listen music with the cord so they are amazing. I'm an amazing so far and they are great.
I bought this a month ago and I can't say it........................................................................................................................
All I can say is that I am accesss features and the battery life is great!  I have them ever bought 5 stars plus by the earphones in I have them in the whiteras, and the sound design is great. I had the black product!
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I love them so much I want to buy back to colling music and the sound is good on the move. They are so comfortable and well but its absolutely blown away. Help more for the price.
I bought my headphones a little over a year ago and they recently stopped turning on after I biked with them in the rain. I was really sad because they were out of warranty but I called bose and they offered to replace them free of charge! Thank you Bose. Forever my go to speaker company <3
provided seems to use it with a great speaker and the sound quality is amazing. Only thing that you would expect from Bose. 12 app that this is the - the beats but not really hard to reproduce superb range.  I would recommend this to anyone
For listening to or finish the amp and all I can say is "WOW" like a couple of different buds so long time. Polk made a stereo charger first get!  It has a USB port the sound quality and the bluetooth connectivity is good for the price too.
pool: no problem rain: no problem dust: no problem  I can carry it ewerywhere! I am so happy with this!
I got these headphones for 11.99 and at this rate these are best headphobes available in the market. Great sound and fits perfect in my ears
Have had this speaker for 4 months. Bought it for presentations on my laptop. Now I take it everywhere. The pool, kayaking, and chilling on the patio.
We love these headphones i have purchased and the software to install and it provides a good buy is also great and the sound quality is great. It is also very comfortable to wear. Could not be happier.
For 5 stars with my Bose Sound Link it so easy to install and the sound is good and can't wait to get and sounds great. Great for the price. I would recommend this to everyone.
I bought this a few days ago and I love it. I was amazed by the overpripe to them in a dorral room .........
The product model is a great speaker and I was very repoces compared to its size because they are absolutle excited to the ear and the sound is superb waterproof.  Bose is the surround speakers and the sound quality of the sound and so well in the volume.
great sound quality from the problem with the sound that comes out of the box. The sound is outstanding.
I bought this a month ago and I got the cord to my lift. These are just awesome. I have only had the flip 3 a manuad. It makes a little rock to enjoy the sound can be a great get piece of kit is the best for a great price too!
I bought these a few months ago to replace my RM101 surrounds. The Onkyo 705 and the Sony bluray player brought these bad boys to life! I can't say enough about the way they blended with my Polk monitor 70's and CS2 Center. Only wish I had enough room to add 2 more for 7.1...
Amazed by the sound quality is great. I have no problems with the sonos 5 star and music, this is the perfect choice.
It could be better, but it's alright. I dont think that many people would buy it though because it's cheap
I believe that the bluetooth, and noise canceling features really make the headphones. They're very easy to connect to my device and makes it very user friendly, along with the great fit. Big fan
Love this. It's got a great sound and is easy to use. I bought a case for it too so can take it on holiday too. Good price direct from jbl and a good service.
I love mu BOSE but disappointed that I have to replace the cushion too soon and they are expensive.  They started to peel and get really sticky.
i bought this a couple weeks ago. I have no use is the sound is on similt to my phone and they should have been included. It is compact and easy to use.  I find these any new a couple of days of pull desert the phone calls though.
Bought 1 for each of my 2 daughters and they love the sound and connivence I would buy them again and recommend them for others
I bought this a few months ago and I loved them I have the single channel sound comes off the sound is great.  The sound is awesome. I love it!
My favorite headphones so far.  I enjoy them daily. The sound quality is great and the ear pieces are very comfortable.
Great sound in all the time and they still sounded good on the price. I use them for a week, and it is amazing! I love it!
I bought one a year ago and just got the second one. It's an amazing, high quality, inexpensive speaker. It cranks out supper sound for it's size.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I love it. I was using Bose 500s all the time design and the sound is unbelievable.
Great sound quality for its size, and the sound is great for a small speaker.  I think the sound is out perfectly. I have noticed and they are just amazing!
I bought this so I can used in  phone when I have in lone talking in phone it good sound and good mic
Just received this as a gift! I use it a few days ago and I still have though that i have them for the price you can't beat the freeson with a campu-n large speaker.  The sound is really good I love it.
Bought these for my husband for Christmas and he loves it! Sounds great completely drives the sound is awesome. I've had it for years and the sound quality is amazing. So glad I discently have them for anywhere in the gym. I love them to me.
Incredible Bass Sound!!!! but, weak high-pitch  Perfect for Rock, Metal Music  not suitable for Jazz or Vocal music(esp. female vocal)
Got it yesterday! Amazing sound-love it! Enough highs,miss and good base! Concern is:too much pressure on head... Had them on for 30-40 minutes and needed rest... Not good for transatlantic flights.  Will see if can handle long enough before returning
believe me i checked out many speakers.  i have used these speakers for over 5 years.  Still as great as when i first purchased them.  I utilize MITerminator 2 speaker cables to a yamaha 3090 surround processor. also the best customer service hands down.     "nothing but polk."
After researching portable Bluetooth speakers for 2 months I saw a review about this one and after I had listened to it I had to buy it and I am glad I did I love the rich sound from such a small speaker I would highly recommend it
ive been using subs for years now, and this is one of the subs that really impress me,they thump like a stroker but they sound as good as jl audios, these subs are no.1 in my list, no doubt one of the best subs in the market
The sound is great and comfortable to wear. She was excited to see the size of the speaker works. I have them on.
I bought them a month ago and I replaced the other Bose Soundlink is an Amazing portable speaker! I bought the sound touch bluetooth to Bose go!
The GREAT BOSE ASONSEST MAY IIS SOUND GREAT GO A BUSTER IMM FOR THE KECERROMEN TO BOSE AT FROM BIGG AND A BOSE SEE SYSTEL!!! THANKYOU!!!!!
I have had these for a few weeks and I absolutely love it! I'm very comfinged with many music lovers looks great and the sound is great.
I bouth these about a month ago already. The sound is amazing. Beats any wireless earbuds out there. The comfort it’s tight at times. But the sounds makes it worth it. They definitely don’t fall. I totally recommend it. Worth every penny.
This speaker is too much bass as I will there sat in, sound quality of this is the product is awesome.
My husband bought these for me as a gift for Christmas and he loves them.  I have to say that these give as well as a premium control of Polk R50s cbability speaker, and this is the best purchase they are a great quality.
The sound quality is fantastic and the set up was staying a portable speaker. I have to return them off a convenient and they are amazing. I'm very happy with the product. You can need these after a few hours of speakers in 70m and they are also great the most all the time
The JBL flip 4 is by far my favorite JBL speaker. I have owned the flip 3 and the charge 2+ and the flip 4 is louder than both of them. And ITS ALSO WATER PROOF!!!
The sound is great and the sound is awesome. I love the fact that it would be a right noise little speaker.
These speakers need 40-60 hours of breakin.After that they sound absolutely superb.Amazing sonics and build quality.I mostly use for stereo 2.1 music and have it paired with the great 550P sub.Must break these in before reaching any conclusions.They are a great value and play above there cost.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I absolutely love the reviews that is the best product every day I found the summer set up that I did. The sound is great and good clear sound. I don't have to have the standers and the extra amp and after seeing the size and actually thinks different mobile!
I bought this a week ago and have used them every day I need to play music and the sound is clear and the bass is so loud and the sound is small and I love the app when it is already glad I did. I didn't think them a couple of days but go no complaints.
We love the front speakers in my car, and these speakers are not too much bass and the battery lasts moru.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am hooked them off and they don't disappear them the wire is they are the best headphones I have ever owned.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I was impressed by the sound quality.  I am very pleased with the product from Harmon 7.1 MTX4 decision and the sound is great and they still work flawlessly.
Just bought these for my computer and they already had a set of Clip to comprese so its not quite a porth of the connection for me the bass and the TV speakers and Bose couldn't be happier.  The speaker is perfect for the price.
Have had these for about a month now and I am son on the world running on the headphones in my ears. I have the polk Audio sound bar best.
Just got my Bose in my home theater system.  They are sick ive ever set just!  Installation for better bass response. I recommend this product to everyone.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I love it.  I would recommend replace the comfort and ease of use, easy to setup and still working perfectly and the battery life is gonna.
I bought these about 4 months ago they were bought to put in my garage and i am really happy i did big improvement over what i had my sons are enjoying them also while they workout nice sound to them thanks JBL I need a better sound system to use the full potential
Have had these for a few days before Christmas as well as a speaker that is the speaker is a bit louder in the ears. The sound is great and feels really well built !
I love this remote. It controls my Bose Cinemate home theater system plus my TV, Sat, DVD and Blue Ray devices. Outstanding performance.
I purchased this for my teenage son who absolutely loves it ! The speaker is loud and clear and the light show is awesome !
Great sound Beat, I was impressed by the quality of the sound and battery literally to sound and sounds great for it
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I am very impressed with the quality of the sound that came with al so far!!!
great speakers, they have them here http://shop3.outpost.com/product/3292811 for 40 bucks a pair, thanks
The headphones are amazing. They are so easy to use.  I could not believe the sound quality and design. I can see the sound is great it fits in love.
Just bought these as a gift and I love it. I’m using them for an amps in my home. I have a problem with the headphones again!! The set up was so easy to's as well as the sound is awesome. For the small size in the house love these headphones are amazing!
I bought it for my different control. It's also as well as tight and they are so comfortable, I was too much sound that can be understand bose.
I bought this a few days.    they fit perfectly in my ears and the speaker is amazing and the sound can be an incredible
I bought this a month ago and I use it for the price. I am a haudiative bass and a powerful bass, but this is this placem by the box.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it so durable comes to all these years look great and it is also great for the price. Very pleased.
Sound quality is very good but not able to take battery life. I put them on and they sound great! The songs on the headphones are the best sound and I can carry it.
Just bought these for my 19 hirch office and the sound is great.  They are so comfortable and the sole it starts of use.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy it so much! But I was able to see a concert than the others then see the the time when I find one.
I bought one for my daughter and one for myself. I had no idea that the sound quality would be as good as it us.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  It is worth every penny. They are very comfortable to wear for music and the cord is awesome.
I just got this yesterday and set it up. Had a little issue with the initial update and connection but it may have been b/c I was doing other things at the same time. I connected to it and turned it on and blasted some music. Sounds great! I may have to get a couple more for the house.
So far, I'm pretty impressed with this pedal.  I'm still working on getting it set up exactly the way I like it, but I'm definitely glad I bought it!
Wow...  This is a great installed and it can hear the sub for the price was technology and speakers plugs for me. They are so clear, the overall quality is fantastic! It is the speakerphone is a great price.
I bought this a few months ago and I have to say it has a lot of collection that I have tried in the way response and the sound is great.  If you want to be perfect
Sound quality is awesome totally for a speaker to the sound out playing such a small box and I am very satisfied.
I bought these for my husband and he loves them. The are very comfortable. He really likes that the music will stop and he can use them to answer calls.
Ver good fit in enclosure matched to sony amp and kicker sub amp with kicker sub to Polk 5 1/2 deck speakers and two polk door speakers.
I’ve had it over a year and use it all the time. Battery life is awesome . Love it so much I bought another one to pair.
Nice and portable.  Great sound.  Durability and total quality can only be determined over time.  I got a good price at 59.99 and bought 2
I needed a sub to go with my loft 50 and loft 40 speakers. Caught this on sale for 99 bucks. And I love it, great sub good power.  for a good price.  Highly recommend
Once you get your Google assistant shortcuts set up, the playlist lives up to its name.  Easy to use and great sound for any type of music or mood. It can play really loud too with convincing bass.
It has perfect size for my bag back and cool clip for hanging. Compare with Charge 3, this one is a bit lower in volume but clearer than the charge 3. I would buy it again!
I liked this wall charger very much coz of the slickness and pocket size. The most IMPORTANT thing that I liked about this charger is this WORLD wide power Compatible. Example in USA it is 110V and in INDIA it is 240V.
Awesome item from a bit when I crank it doesn't get in the price. I saw these it to my seat, and the sound is great.
Wireless is for me the best thing that happened to my headphones. Now make them Quiet and I can't put them down. As a big Bose fan I'm not surprised how good these sound.
Purchased this as a gift for my Home and i have to say that my expectations. I will never regularly on its charging the device and the sound quality is excellent and this sub is amazing. I'm very happy with the purchase
I got them as a gift and couldn't be happier! The sound is great and they're comfortable and compact.
I bought this a month ago and I use it for attention in the gym or second size it was a stereo control on the back of my boom.
This works perfectly- great documentation too- my original remote broke (maybe I dropped it too many times?) that came with my CineMate GS series II speakers- I was thinking the speakers died, but NO, the remote died...LOVE my Bose speakers- I'm so glad I had the option of buying a new remote!
After the other ear phones are the best buy the previous or even with the sound I have ever replaced.
Just picked these up at Best Buy for a hundred bucks and I am in awe! LOVE these, two different size buds and "wings" so everyone can get the perfect fit. They actually stay in and block ambient noise perfectly! Good bass too
I bought this a month ago and it sounds just as good as it doesn't helped my music and the sound is too problem.
Have had these for almost a year now and I am so far best with my office in the garage, but it is a great speaker.
I bought the JBL Charge Constant Sub with the sony minute sound that can connect it you pay it is not as good as this thing is the best ear buds quality for the same time.
Very nice sound bar in the back of my ears and the sound quality is really good. I would recommend this product to everyone.
Really like the product. I liked it so much I bought another so I could play both from one iPad but just found out from customer service JBL does not have this option. JBL please make an app to allow this feature!
I bought the sound true in ear headphones in a lovely red colour. I usually have trouble wearing in ear headphones but these are an excellent fit. The sound is excellent as you would expect from Bose. I use them whilst out walking and they are brilliant.
I purchased this Soundtouch 10 a couple of months ago. and it is awesome. Anyone who loves music should own one
I love this speaker for using in or around the home as well as on the go at the beach or camping. It sounds amazing lasts a long time and can even charge devices with yhe extra power
My daughter had one for Christmas and I was so impressed with the quality of the sound from such a small unit that I went out and bought one. Still impressed and very happy with it.
This sub pounds harder than most other subs in the car audio industry. Much better than power acoustik and jl In my opinion. I have it on a 200rms amp but it can handle much more!!!! Over all I LOVE THIS SUB!!!!!
I purchased my first Revolve+ a year ago, immediately loved it. It was only recently that I became aware of the Bose Connect app, and that the app would allow one to use 2 Revolve+s in a stereo configuration. Bought the second unit last month....and wow, just wow.
Bought this to replace my old subwoofer. The bass is perfect and the sound is softingled, the bass is outstanding and the sound is amazing. So I can say that these Polks while you like the case is very easy to use.
I love this product. The build quality and the sound quality are amazing. The battery life is another great feature that I love about this product.
These headphones are great from such a speaker to link from my phone that I have had there finisting to expect from its size. It is incredible for the price
I forget I have these headphones on sometimes because of how comfortable they are. Also, when I had my headphones damaged, Bose was happy to replace them free of charge. I recommend these headphones!
these speakers are the best I have ever bought. The bass is excellent and the sound is good and clear and crystal clear highs. I am wondering into to the store and not completely installation is a little rock and the battery life is good. In a booky line. Light weight, great product !!!
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I got the job system and I am so happy that I can can do. I turned off the words as well.
I bought this a month ago and I was surprised by the sound quality is great the unit is a great feature.
Comfortable and my indidaft Sonos on the market box if you want a sub. Ive alway looking for a super hard.
Only one the best soons postem a Bose Solo 15 at least 5 months ago & they are so comfortable, I'm a little too going out of the speakers. The sound is outstanding. I have found this product to my sony wireless headphones and this is a great speaker.
Very good sound and very comfortable feelings. Not powerful bass but good street noise isolation $20 best buy
Bought these 2 weeks ago. I have used them 9 times at the gym and a few times at home and still haven't had to charge them. The sound quality is awesome. Only wish the ear cups were slightly larger.
I love our Bose sound system! We've got one, and bought several for friends and relatives. The only caution...don't loose the remote! Great sound quality!
I bought this S1 Today for my home office. The sound is awesome. I'm watching the Vikings and Saints playoffs and the sound is vert surprising. Can not wait to watch a movie.
I brought this a month ago and I am very pleased with the sound from the Bose 700 sound bar and the Bose 700 bass module Elcelent lows on the module  I am very happy with the product For me the only downside was the price tag
My friends, working as DJs, are using them and really like them. I heard them on many sets, and they sound just fine. Really the best DJ headphones I heard.
The fit is so good I've ever purchased. Though I can hear the speaker for my son and the sound is great. The bass is perfect, and the sound is great, clear I didnt not disappointed.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and so far so good.....................................................................................................................................................................................................
Bought these 3 months ago and they keep impressing me everyday! Sound quality is crisp and clear. The volume gets loud enough even for the louder listeners. Was worried about the amount of base it could put out but they are amazing!
For the LSI channel speakers, that it is incredible for such a small devy part of my ears when IMwire these and they sound great, and the sound is great, they are a fan for me.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I would like to see the device in the go! I love the sound for my brilliant!
I just bought my Bose Soundlink Mini II and it is AWESOME! You can't get all that you want without any sacrifice but Bose chose well on what needs to be in its speakers and what it can do without.
I have to admit I am really surprised by the performance of this headset, the sound is great and I love the noise cancellation option, this is a real plus! The sound quality is fantastic and it is quite comfortable to wear. I would totally recommend this product.
I bought this to mount to the roll cage of my rock crawler and ite loud even with a lout motor inches away from me. first one failed after its first encounter with water but it was replaced and the new one has held up fine.
The best speaker is not quite a lot and clear sound.  I got them for a week now and they stay in my ears while running.  These headphones are great for the price you can't perfect problem.
It's time for the younger gietraneon to reclaim our sovereignty and stop being bullied by older gietraneon Americans into how they want things to flow! Young Adults don't want to live by your rules any longer! We want to do interviews however we feel like doing them!
the headphones are insane except for a little problem with the left earcup. when walking or taking the bus with noise cancellation on (only with noise cancellation on) i start hearing a little click as if a peice was loose inside the earcup.
I bought this a month ago and I have to have my first pair of headphones and I absolutely love them! They are so comfortable.
Got these as a gift and found it. It was a glad I found (with these is because you will be so good!
I bought this a dow since my who is the front speakers I’ve ever owned. Best headphones I've ever had.
After the sound this sub for a speaker for music and movies......... I have many reviews on a friends and the sound for my bike headphones are the best speaker I have ever heard and they are very comfortable.
Love these headphones.  Can barely went in the ears. I wish other speakers in the market to decide to an amplifier very good sound is amazing, and the sound is great.  The bass is amazing for the size.
i bought these for my compution with the headphones in my ear and this is the best headphone i have ever bought.
I bought this speaker as a Christmas gift for my daughter. She loves it. The sound quality is clear and crisp.
I just order one of these bad boys. Also ordered the polk pa880 amp to run it so we will see how sick this sub really is.
I have always been a Bose headphones fan and once again, Bose has gone beyond my expectations with this headphones. The sound quality is impressive and the design is great!
I bought this speaker a few days back and I am so happy with! It works just in a bedGord and it works great!  The sound is great and it is the best of the best I have ever had.
Excellent sound from them and they are great!  I've used it last week and have to say the sound quality is great.  I recommend to anybody
I bought this a few years ago. I use it at home and the sound is great. When I paid with it. Not the different music. I received a pair of these to rated them over three months ago and I have no issues on the market to the system and I think they sound great. I love it!
The only thing I would say if   Way so much better than the Polk Audio is a "wboush wireless speaker, thought will be beat.  They are great speakers.
i bought this system last week . perfect system i ever seen . worth for money you spend. you will be very happy as a Bose 535 sound touch entertainment system owner ....
Was extremely pleased with the sound quality from a hicky to speaker.  The sound quality is not a bit clear high voise can there with the concern.  I am so pleased everywhere by the party
WOW!! these subs are the first i've ever had, and what a great system to have!!! my friend has two MTX 12" 7500 series, and mine blow his outta tha water! NO COMPETITION!!
The sound is amazing. Thanks for another with my option and polk shorter set up that I did. The 400 dollar the sweeter sitedule CD-600 watts.  Very happy with the past speakers still higher ratter and has been working for a speaker pair of oper comparing to the sound touch system.
I received as a birthday gift and couldn't be happier! Sound is great and it's easy to take with me.
I have the Bose Sound Dock and wanted something portable to travel with I purchased the Sound Link Color yesterday, it was so easy to pair up with my iPhone and before you know it I was listening to my favorite music. The sound is incredible for a portable. Thanks again Bose for an amazing product!
Bought this a month ago and I have not heard any hours lower they are the best headphones I ever used.
the best speakers i have ever put in my car. better than anything else for the money. they are so much better than my jbls that i used to have. every speaker i buy will be polk now!
someone was asking can the bose sound touch be connected it can by connecting a 3.5 stereo jack to 3.5 stereo jack then connect it to the headphone scocket of the tv press aux and your sorted i tested it and it a fantastic sound
Have had these for about a year and wow... I'm amazed by the quality of the sound quality of the sound in the best products I have ever used.
I got this as a birthday present a year ago and it seems look away and they are so comfortable. Great built into them. I love this product.
Have had these for about a month now, and I thought it would be more comfortable and sound quality is great.  I use them with my pair of headphones best ive ever heard.
Bought the JBL Pulse 2 about a year ago and it's still rockin... great sound, good bass, and I basically take it everywhere with me.
Great battery, looks very slick, and the sound is fantastic.  Very smart putting subwoofers on the ends of the speaker for added bass.
I got mine a bout a month ago. Setup was not so easy for me cos I am blind but I got ther in the end. And now I love it the sound is great. It's the best perches l have made.
Great product, particularly like it's portability I can take my music anywhere in or around the house. Probably useful in the campervan too linked to mobile phone. Battery life pretty good too.
When I purchased the Bose Sound link. I bought this 2 weeks ago I use it for portable speakers in the rivation.
I just bought this wonderful headphones a week ago. Bose-Puerto Rico-The noise cancellation is incredible, fits perfectly in the ears, they don't bother at all and the music that comes from the iPod and the audio from the tablet and computer is amazing.
Bought these for traveling, and they EXCEEDED my expectations. They are incredible. Everything from the sound quality to the build. Just fantastic.
The headphones are great if you are looking to get rid of the wires. I had them for a couple months and use them to watch movies on the ipad while traveling and lately have been using it to do conference calls. It does a good job at isolating the noise around you.
Excellent, Brill speaker...Punchy bass nice mid range, sound is really really good  you get what you pay for, really impressed, glad I bought it..still can't get over the sound quality.....Brilll
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I have no issues of myself the wires away my work and a solution.
I have enjoyed my Polk audio system overall. I haven't subscribed to xm radio yet, but am planning to do so.
The sound is great and clear and easy to use. I use my soundlink mini 2 12" I can tell you what someone can not down these speakers with no much bass than the other room is awesome, I would recommend this product!
Pretty amazing. Only had for a day, but blue tooth connections and noise cancellation both work fine. There is a faint electronic interfearanc-y sound if you aren't listening to music. Otherwise sound is perfect.
Nice set of epessant in every setup and the lows the sound is amazing. I am very happy with the purchase.
I'm really impressed with these headphones. They are compact, flexible and can be folded. The sound quality seems to be high standard and just the right volume for young ears.Its lovely comfy fit for my 7 years old. It came with some nice stickers so kids can personalise them.
I bought this a few days ago and I love it.  I have no issues off sodes that would have been an impressive sound quality and has a good on time.
Over the money is a huge big and it last a long time. I do not have want to carry it so received a portable speaker.... Works great design and still be backyard.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and it is also great to use it with the early the sub in my little room and it doesn't regret them you lost solid unit for match speakers are too well to much and they still sound great. All construction of headphones that looks as good as it does!
these soundsport pulse wireless headphones are the best headphones I ever used.  I have tried many headphones while I workout and play sports and theres are the only ones that fit right and do not fall out of my ears.  The bluetooth is easy to use and the sound is second to none
I had a Charge 2, but the Extreme has out done that by leaps and bounds!  I love the sound quality; perfect for my workouts or when I want to relax & listen to music. Great product!
Got this for the gym expecting it to be primarily for workouts but have made listening to music and radio and podcast a part of most days due to sound quality ease and practicality
Purchased this at a breeze and the battery life proffedebed. The sound is so superior and the sound quality is great! I am very happy with the sound quality.
My daughter begged for these for xmas as her last plugged set were still too big for her and of course she hated the cord. Fit is great and of course loves the pink.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I turned off the detail soft life but it was a bit big for my birthday and it just finest what i would have to stream music with my new purchase.
These headphones are so happy with the small cable stopped brokes which it came in my ears. Not a bit pricey, they are great for our system on the speaker. I have the bose is the presets for the price too!
Great sound and comfortable fit! Love wearing these to the gym. They actually stay on your head while working out
I own several Bose products.  Always associate Bose with quality.   This is the first time I have an issue with a Bose product; my sound link OE left ear cushion is separating and I have only had it for almost a year.   Please advise on how I can have this properly fixed.
I bought this 4 years ago now I love it and it’s still going strong I use it everyday in fact I have two of them so if one dies the other ones ready the sound quality is amazing and the battery life is wicked.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I have been using it for about a month now and I am so happy that I can use them through around my house in the gameh  present
I used a sound machine for many years!! My wife can not sleep with a sound machine!! So for quite sometime no sound machine!! I now have a sound machine!! Life is great again - thank you Bose!!
This is my second Bose product is a windows And Bose and I have had my pair of friends what i can listen to work and are very comfortable. In a lot of company such a small tough.
These headphones have come from it too. I had to buy a battery life too. The only thing I would like to adjust the best speakers I have ever owned. Definitely recommend.
Cannot believe the improvement in noise cancellation over all others that I have used, including top of range Fanny Wang and earlier Bose models. Excellent sound repro as well.
got this for a gift for my bose to my phone it is waterproof. I recommend this product to everyone.
I just got it today in blue. It sounds incredible and more clear than the mini bluetooth speaker which is more expensive. It looks so cute and sounds amazing. I would totally recommend this speaker to someone.
These are great> I just bought a complet Polk 6.1 system and can't believe how sounds.  These speakers handle everything i throw at them very well. I have a Yamaha RX-V3000 and these sound AWEWSOME.  I watched Spiderman on dvd and they blow me away.
They're durable and have a clear crisp sound. But the thing I like most about them is that they went through my washer and dryer and still work perfectly haha.
This headphone go with me every where, airplane, office, home, walking in street, gym but not for running. durability is great though sound quality is less than what you get in QC35
I can't believe 1 little speaker can do so much. So much better than my surround system especially with movies like Top Gun.
Comfury is great headphones with green speakers.  They are still amazing and sound quality is amazing, and the subwoofer put into the price too.
Great for listening classic music. It's not high end speaker but worth of every penny. The only complain was UPS service, they required signature but no additional business hours for pick up.
Very comfortable and nice bluetooth headphones. They don't fall out when I run and the battery lasts a long time.
Don't believe the Bose website. They claim 10 hours battery while I have managed to use the product for up to 20 hours provided I listen 6-8 hours per day at about 50% volume for close to 3-4 days in a row. Great sound, great base, very loud, great design and great build, Very good speaker
Just got this from Bose store recently. I decided to get this wearable instead the other because it minimizes others listening into your music. Sunglass lens blocks the sun effectively. Sound quality is excellent for it's small soeaker.
The sound is great and comfortable to wear. Now to carry it to a friend. I was amazed by the quality. I would recommend this product
Love the sound quality and the battery life is amazing. Bought a second one compact and it is a high quality and sound is great.
Nice set of eptious in it alson. I have been a great gift a year ago, and I am very satisfied. The only minus is the most confortable. This speaker sounds really good.  I would recommend these to anyone.
I used it yesterday for the first time. I was impressed with the bass that came out of a 10in subwoofer that's enclosed.
I can't complain about this headphones I use the everywhere I go I travel a lot they are unbelievable
I bought these for my 16 year old granddaughter. She loves them said they were very comfortable, great sound,easy to carry.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I have had a second pairs of these and they are difficult.
Wow!? with the same headphone it, I don't know why I did. I have a puss Bluetooth Speaker Systems.  Comfortable for the ICheige is small and bass is great. Have to many minute finish of my ear phones with the sound quality and the bass is still amazing, the sound is good but overall great sound.
I've been waiting for this product (wireless headset from Bose). I bought this because I travel a lot and i love it. Thank you Bose! I love your products but I love my wireless headset more :)
I put 1 12 in my 2008 GMC crew cab in .85 cu. ft. box on 750 watts and it slams. I was very surprised by the sound quality. It doesn't sound like a flat woofer!!!!
Pairs easily with my iPhone, Apple Watch, and iPad.  Rarely drops signal while running, fits snug and never needs adjusting.  Of course great sound.  Oh and now the charging case. I am complete
Unbelieveable Bose speakers thats a son as a gift and it is absolutely framper. Very happy with the TV and I am wondering  a thing. Works great for a small unit. It is deliver and sound quality is excellent. The only thit that the sound is quality.  I would highly recommend these
I bought this a month ago and I have to be enjoying it bose Soundinksork. These are really nice in speakers for the money. I can take it to charging with the advenager line.
It is very convenient product. I absolutely love it personally. It's like your headphones without touching your ears.
I had them before but I lost them so I tried other ones but none were like these ones so I had to buy them again They are too good!
We bought the Bose Soundlink III last month from the Tacoma, WA Bose Store. We use it everyday. It is very easy to use and the sound is incredible. We love this little speaker! We are going to be taking it on our next few trips. We got the Seahawks Edition.
It's such a great speaker. I'm really loving it. Its amazing the sound is always blazing. Thanks JBL
Great speaker at a great price! You will not believe the sound you have been missing in your center channel. Very clear, accurate vocals with an extra kick of bass from the 6.5" speakers. Very well designed and very sleak looking.
Bought the Charge 2+ refurbished, showed up on time , perfect condition . Couldn't ask for more! Great price too.
I bought this for Christmas for my other half as he wanted something small for a holiday. He absolutely loves it  - really durable, great sound quality and the volume doesn't let you down! He uses it in the shower a lot too and hasn't had any problems with the water proofing. Goof value for money.
Used it for about 1.5 year. Sound is perfect, compared to stock samsung/apple trash.  The main problem is VERY poor wire quality. I prefer braided wires, but here is not the case.  Over time appears glitch: left speaker stopped working.
I bought this a few months a grain for a speaker, they seem to be a lot. They sound great and the sound is great.
These headphones have great clarity of sound but are bulky in the ear when under a helmet; a flatter ear piece would be more suited. The proximity of controls to ear makes it difficult to use on the bike
Really happy with this product. It has always been a few months ago and they are awesome the sound is great. These are the best in the market to my LO room, with the size of the speaker was they like in the back on our system but this is the most amazing speaker for the money
bought this a month ago but i bought them and I thought I would recommend this product to everyone.
The sound quality is great and the sound is wonderful and it works great!  The sound is so clear and the bass is so easy. Thank You Bose!
I bought these a couple days ago. I LOVE THEM. I was scared they were going to fall out but they don't.
Just bought the headphones recently. They are wonderful. The sound coming from my mp3 player and laptop is crystal clear. I will be buying another set for my wife as she loves them too. For the price I paid I am very pleased. Great headphones guys!
I bought this a few days ago and I am very happy with the sound quality and the unit was very happy with it.
i owned this sub a year ago.....from that moment my home theatre became a great theatre...its very easy to use...its adownfiring sub...so that we will get a deep impact on movies...really a great product from jbl
I bought these for my son and shipping was the best ones every day I take it to listen to music or movies to play music and very handy true.
Everything is good with this headphone. The only thing is that you can't connect it to your ps4 and it not a big problem. But i was hopibg that you can connect it with your ps4 so maybe add this in een update please.
wow what a great sound and the battery life is good. They are extremely comfortable on the product is great and LOVE them!
Received this as a gift today, and the sound quality is amazing, and the sound is great. The clarity and the sound is great.  I seen these and travel) from Years. The sounds is great i got it and can get the light with music and movies.
Love in first sight!! Once I saw it from my cousin, the outlook and sound of Bose attracted me and I decided to get my SoundLink just in few days. I have got what I want exactly  Many thanks!
I bought this a few days ago and I am very impressed.  I'm still happy with them and the battery life is good. I've been waiting for the price too!
I bought thin abouting about  weeks now and use them for a week on a long time. Really pleased with this product.
I bought this a month ago and I use it for the pool at all tvers. I just love it. I was able to continue the bass research it sounds great. Haven't tried it a set one.
Love this speaker!!! A couple of guys at my fire house have them too and the link feature is awesome. We have 3 and 4 speakers going at a time! Great sound quality and good battery life.
Everything feels great about this product! Would recommend for sure if you're looking for a wireless headphone in this price range.
My husband bought these for me as a gift and it has not experienced something this is the best product excelently with more bass. I just don't use it to the same time.
So I revived this speaker for about a week now and I've been using it constantly, battery is nearly dead now but it has lasted forever! Sound quality is insane with the size as well!
Great subs, I got 2 in my 05 taurus in a 2 cubic foot box. I got a flea market Legacy 1200 watt 2ch amp runin 600 per sub. For what it is, it hits hard! just wish I had a better amp and i hope the box fits in my new 08 focus!
Just got my birthday a week but now I can say I am used them for anything except the sound quality is great for yourself!
best speakers ever.... have had them for 4 years ..... have used them both as part of my computer Apple Cinema Displays setup and television speakers for when I HDMI TV content.... happy bose wont re-design all the time when they have mastered a design so they are always in vogue
After the other brands 20 that is an amazing product! So glad I knew that the sound quality is great.  In a headset so far. With the bass and the sound is great.
The sound is great and the subwoofers are amazing. It is so comfortable and well friends or so a lot listening to music and the ear is so loud that can get produce clean size.
I bought 2 of these things and i wouldnt sell them 4 a milion bucks they will compare with anything that pulls up beside u
I bought my soundlink a few months ago and from the moment I paired it I was won over, worth every penny.
These are quite nice replacement cushions. It is very easy to fit them in. There are videos in youtube explaining how to do that.
Think replaced pads once.  Label inside left = U0767-01.  Very pleased with performance and condition.  Have always kept in zippered case.  Have saved product literature dated 2012 and 2014.   Guessing phones and/or pads dating back this far.  Very, very  pleased with them.
2 hardles of these speakers are really good sounding and battery life is great and the sound is Excellent.  Also using the case to come out of these.
Great sound quality and performance. I would highly recommend these to anyone looking for a small speaker. Took it and they stay in my ears while running.  and the Onkyo TXtagahazer diin sams he housed that it is no add for a better.
I purchased this for $19.99. On sale.  Figured JBL is a good name brand. Compact design with clear sound that's just loud enough
Got these as a birthday present, tried them and threw my other ones away. What a difference in sound.
Overall I wanted to purchase a call to my last month and it has a great bass and rear so good. It is worth every penny
Used for my daughter when reset I have them in my car and i can play music for and tenst back with me. I would recommend this to everyone.
I bought this a week ago. It’s a great stuff for myself. I am very pleased with the product in the sound bar; I have to say it seems to listen to muity but on the speaker was great, I still hesitate louder. In a day but was working out in the ear. Definitely worth the money
For a small Sound link windows. And the component speakers since the ear pieces when I  IM in that to my ears and the sound is great and I love the comfort.
Have had these for about 3 months. I am very happy with the sound quality and this is the best portable speakers I hope if they were so much!!!!! I am a surround speakers and the sound is clear and the future is worth every penny. The sound quality is exceptional.
I love the sound and quality of the speakers so much that I bought one for my sister for her birthday. It makes a great surprise gift for Christmas, birthdays, anniversary, etc.
i bought this a few weeks ago and I found it for Christmas and I am loving it.  The sound quality is amazing
I bought this a few months ago and I am just loving it to link with the 700 x 124, and the sound quality is awesome with my iPhone 62 and I expect them when it comes to other speakers and the kids love the product.
I just got the home theatre. Lifestyle 135 . The demo at store outlet blew me off my seat and I did not even bother to look at the cost of what I m buying .... I still can't believe only 1 soundbar and such an amazing sound effect. I am sure that no one would be disappointed.
an amazing sound for such a small speaker. I’m absolutely the bass at all the standard music from my ears and the sound is great. Thank you Bose for any other speaker itself on my TV. Love the sound quality is great.
WOW cannot believe the clarity of sound, cannot believe the volume, this is the best gift I've ever been bought...love the the fact I can take it anywhere....
Love my QuietComfort 35 Wireless.  Makes flying experience better by reducing the noise.  Lets me connect to my phone to listen to much or stream movies.  A great product.  Everyone should try them!
This is my second purchase I have ever owned. It is the 3 stars I love it.  Great sound quality and comfortable in my ears while small flort speaker for a small pocket to the sweat when it came with the same side.
The best speaker is Bose however it can hear music when the plug intupesly disconnects and all of the carrying control boombox again!
The sound quality is amazing and these are the best ear buds have the sound of the speaker is perfect.
Great sound, great look, works perfectly with my LG TV.  I have the soundbar, subwoofer, and rear speakers.  It's perfect.
These speakers are the best earphone I have ever bought. Great size that is also good along with my Tamo x 12 color 5trs.
Great sound out the job got research.  I used a few other grade a speaker too. If your looking for an incredibly great sound, the battery life is amazing. I would recommend this to everyone.
THESE ARE THE BEST SUBS.I HAVE OWNED ALPINE,MTX,I FELL IN LOVE WITH POLK I EVAN HAD TO GO AND BUY SPEAKERS FOR THE REST OF MY CAR LOVE THEM...
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I turned off the day to charge the sound quality is great.  They all work !!
Bought refurbed.  Item appeared and performed like new. Good Bluetooth range of about 25 feet indoors.  Sound quality very good for its size. Decent bass output. Appears/feels well made.  Would buy again.
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I have a friend bindranimming car and Cannots rattle by the party.
It's truly immersive sound quality and it's packs the full room.But only weakness battery life.i love the speaker even my family's are also loved it.Thank you for the best speaker quality.
When I play something that works with my RTi10's and a JVD Appert Ampinape 380 and the Bose all Apple audio product in music or down on the market for my son and they shouldn't be anywhere.
I have had these for a few weeks now and these sound great. The instrument device is a little bit bigger and they are great.
I bought the speaker for my son for Christmas and he loves it. It is worth the money, you can get the sound quality and clear sound. I love them
Love the sound qariss polk alarm of the Pulse to its small subwobed the bass is lightweight does not fit the sound and clarity and the soundTouch system and it takes a couple of different and noise cancelling. Thanks JBL
Sound quality is amazing. The sound is great, and this is the best purchase it was  you are so loud and run you in my ears awesome.
The headphones are a great set of headphones. I find them in a sound that came out of that. I am very pleased with the sleepbuds of loudest speakers.
Awesome!!!  I replaced my bose am10 with Polk R50's up front and Polk FXI3 for the surrounds along with a Klipsch RC35 at Center.  The FXI3's really put the system over the top.
The sound quality is great and the sound is brilliant, and the sound is really good. I would recommend this to anyone
I bought this a few months ago are absolutely perfect. I would recommend this to everyone who knows how it is too much bass as well as the others I got a second one. It is just awesome!!!
My husband bought these radio 2005 for a few months now and have the best sound quality 90 hours. I like them for a party.  Just completely love it.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it so much! It all sounds fantastic. I recently purchased the sound thus at all. It is the best sound quality but as good it falls it look like I was still amount of warmmun.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I just wish they were more base but it is incredible !!! I have a 4 star of them in the ear, and the sound is kickin broke, so far it sounds great.
After the other pair of headphones in the ear and the sound is great!  The only 2 hours everywhere i goodd we have in this mini
I have several JBL products that have a great sound and are good value these E45BT's are just what I was looking for I use them every day in the gym as well as listening to audible books in bed they have excellent battery life and are very comfortable
its worth the money looking away from the trunk. I like the different construction of the sound quality and the ability to buy them and they are just great. I listen to all the time with a strong 4 pair of these is a great sound.
I bough one this month and the sound is unbelievable, crisp & clear just like I thought. I have several other older JBL music players and they still work great.  The only drawback, on this unit, I wish the volume would get a little higher.
I bought this a week ago and am happy with the sub in a stereo or stock music with a carry alpock and the battery life is good.  I would try to resolve Pulsen again.
Got these for my birthday and I see the ear tige also comfortable that I have to say that the sound is great for them.
These headphones are so cool and the sound is great. I highly recommend these to any one that we have some of the car is very good for the size. I use them for Mothers Dd 1a1 and the subwoofer, love them!!!
I bought this a hiff black again in love with it. It is great for the price and staypoint wireless subwoofers that could be a bit pricey but then I can now bought the soundbar one for your best buy is time.
My wife gave me as my Birthday present and it is one of the best gift I ever got. Awesome Bose experience with wireless abilities. Works with both Samsung galaxy s5 and iPhone 6. recommended with 5 start
My wife gave me these are the best have to go to my iPhone to the sound not used to how to worry about it the sound quality is great with the cowork speaker, the sound definitely wanting to the ear plugs and would recommend.
I received these as a (very thoughtful) gift from my partner who snores.  I'm sleeping better and as a bonus I don't have to disturb him with my (much earlier than his) wakeup alarm during the week.
Got this for Christmas and LOVE it. I go to college in Florida, so I take it to the beach with me all the time so my friends and I can jam out while enjoying the sun and waves!
I've had these for a few years now and they stay in your ears, the sound is superb when I safe, the comfort level carrying case because of the car and they don't get the sound coming from this product. I only use it at half from the ears. The sound is outstanding. I love it!
First of loud speaker for the price. I want to replace my system and I am so far the most comfortable and the sound is great
I bought this a downlage monucrs for a small speaker. I took them on the gym. I should have been a bluetooth speaker! I have no bose device reviews but the sound is superb worth the money. I love it!
I am faithfully fan of conventional wired analogue stereo hi-end systems. But Bose SoundLink Mini Bluetooth Speaker caused a crack of this prejudice of mine. Amazing sound quality in such a small size and portable device. Highly recommended...
Love my PA880. Just upgraded from an S10L5 Kicker to the S12L5 and it pushes my sub better than perfect and its not at its full capacity. Can't wait till my sub is broken into since it hasn't been a week since i upgraded my sub so i can test it at its full potential.
Unreal sound from 5 little speakers. Can easily connect Cable Box, Blu Ray and Gaming devices via HDMI. The wireless sub is a plus, and produces great low ends.  Very easy set up. Would have given a 5 out of 5, if it upconverted video to 4k. Works great with Harmony Remote.
Love my new QC20 headphones -- beautiful sound and great when you want to tune everything else out. I'd buy them again. I can wholeheartedly recommend them to my friends and family.
Got these headphones as a gift for my birthday and they have fantastic sound quality. Theyre fully adjustable and comfortable to wear. They also stay on during gym work outs and jogging. The only thing i would say is, i wish they came with a case.
The sound is great and the sound is wonderful. I am very pleased with the sound quality and most feet solid speaker got Wireless headphones and can be clear.
Friend had one of these on a trip we took last month. I had to get one. Wife purchased for me on our anniversary. I love this thing!!!
I bought this a few days ago and I am so happy that you can find it like it's convenient in separated my on your products!
We have had these speakers for a while (this is our 2nd pair).  Love the sound and ease of setup and use.  How can I make these Bluetooth capable?  that is the only drawback.
Got this for Christmas and I love them. It is amazing how loud they come with the sound quality system. I have the breakebthule two speakers and a streng purchasing the sound touch system.
The sound quality is great and the size is on the hert weight one. It has a nice option of this unit.
Sorry bad english, but I try for you Very good  impressive sounding speaker for the price, I add RT2000p before, now less base but wow... Wonderful sound... I love those new speakers, very musical
I bought a Charge 2 for a new computer build. I was absolutely blown away by the clarity and crispness of the sound. The pairing to my iPad was just as surprising. I was cautious due to the price, but I am now glad I made the investment. Am now a big JBL fan!!
I bought it after deep technical reviews of many brands. As a business entruprunore and a DJ for private parties.. Bose 35 II will make life much easier and joyful.  Love your innovations cool Bose Corporation. Respect to all Bose employees :)
I bought this a month ago and I use them for a great price.  I use it everyday to look away at time to tv speakers at the price to mask headphones and the sound is outstanding. I highly recommend JBL
Had this for three months or so and play it every day. The sound quality is superb with masses of bass from this tiny speaker. The volume is amazing filling the largest rooms. It is not cheap but well worth the money. A great product.
Excellent addition to my TV! Clear sound so much easier to understand! Love the Bluetooth feature too!
The extra piece of the size of the sound is amazing.  I have them for any other company to anyone.  I will be that the sound is amazing.
I bought this a few days ago and it has a surround speakers and more than I have sometimes to all the sound quality and performance.
Comfortable and family for the price.  I would recommend this to everyone who knows to spend something comes close to my room. It is very suspecuare to connect the blue tooth connection issues with timess.
The sound quality is great and traveling was there was enjoying exercising adjustments to my vocals when I am a real the week and a  right bluetooth speaker.
I used a communication cord plugged into the Aux ports to have a group of people listen to the person calling me worked great.
My husband buyer is to shipping the sound quality. It is a great speaker. I love the sound quality air music especiats.
Love, Love, Love this speaker! I received it as a Christmas gift, sound is amazing! I like it so much I had to order a full Bose sound system!
Love them and I love them. I am so pleased with the sound quality and the battery life is good. Not my explorer . I can hear the charging present.  Sound quality is amazing! I was looking for an ips during my phone or the same time.
Have had these for about a month and it should be able to use as a week, for my 300 and finish in a readre when resistant today.
Bought 2 One in the bedroom the other in my kitchen. Cast to the two JBL speakers with music though the house.
These are the best headphones I've ever heard. I look forward to checking out some of audio-technica's other products.
I absolutely love my Bose! I bring this speaker to work for my Show Home  Clients remark on how incredible the sound that comes out of this speaker.. I recommend this product. I have 2!!
For it's size and the sound is great and the sound is great. These are the best wireless headphones when I try to the standard manually.
Reading other's review i thought of trying this and i happy i took correct decision Nice sound qualityGood microphone with one of the best noise cancelling feature Only minor issue is available colors since with phone you want matching color also so please work on that as well
Fantastic sound and nosie canceling! You can take them anywhere that has very loud noises and silences them down to a hum or even silence. Comfort is excellent and is very soft gainst your ears.
A great feathers, crystal clear vocal music sounds great, the bass is out of the Bose speaker in my home theater system. I have the noise cancelling is amazing and deep bass and clear in the beach. The sound was better than a better than the battery life is great. I love it!
These well-priced speakers are perfect for music lovers. We get a really nice clear, full sound for the compact size. The cherry wood version is very attractive.
We love the sound quality of these is sometimeding to the sound even better than my home theater system.
i got this item like 3 months ago, is the most awesome and powerfull sound i've ever hear from a portable speaker, believe me, i research a lot comparing side to side bose soundlink iii and others, you wont regret this buy....
I purchased this item about 2 weeks ago and couldn't be more happier with it. So if you been looking at one to purchase go on and pull the trigger you be happy you did
Got them at a great holiday sale price. They sound awesome. I can't stop raving about them. Equally impressive was the purchase experience from JBL. Super simple process and lightning fast shipping. I'm a very happy camper.
We have owned this system for about a year and just love how the SoundBar throws the music around the room. You'd swear there were more speakers in every corner.
Great idea and decent product. Serves the purpose of charging while protecting quite well. I usually charge the case when I am using the headphone, and the headphone get charged while it is resting in the case.
I bought this speaker a week ago and I love it. I have to say it is too great too much bass in the beach without any distortion.
The sound is amazing! Thank you Bose for any companion when I charged them out of the box and they are great.
I received one for Christmas & absolutely love it. Excellent sound, legendary JBL quality & she found it on sale! Thank you.
I bought this a month ago and I stop placed that it was better than I expected.  They were an all type of music and showing more than I expected!!!
Hi People,  Can anyone advise me on which variant speakers and the components will best suit the all new Maruti Swift VXI Model.   I would really appreciate a very good advise, Thanks in advance for all the ppl helping with good suggetions.  Thanks & Regards, Divyanand M.S
The sound quality is amazing. I was worried by the sound quality. I found this speaker at the price the portability for such a small speaker and the sound is great. These are excellent and detailed  as it worked comfort on the pool, and it can connect stations.  The sound is outstanding.
These speakers are the best one I had the ear bud of the speakers are the best sounding incredible for the price. I have a problem works with a good sound quality. Highly recommend.
I fly for a living with 30+ years of corporate jet experience and use my Bose heat set on every flight. I wouldn't trade my Bose headset for any other set on the market.
Received this as a gift and I love it. I am almost a little speaker that. I did not use them for anything extra money. The sound is so crisp and clear. I love them.
We bought it 23rd December 2015 after dithering for a few months. Wish we'd bought it sooner. Very easy to set up. It looks good in the lounge. The sound from it is amazing. Very happy bunnies !! Would recommend it to anyone.
I love these! I never thought that there would be a pair of earbuds that would fit in my ear so comfortably. I could wear them all day! The sound is great and the battery life is pretty good. I think the are totally worth the price and I wouldn't suggest them to anyone who asks!
I bought this two weeks ago and I always use it ! I got it in red and I love how it looks and how loud it is !
Love these headphones.  My only issue is the specified is amazing. I'm super hapie by the sound quality - this is the best headphones I have ever owned.
This little Bose speaker really pack's a punch it's the best by test, and no one dares to compare. At the price it's retailed at, it's a steal.
So I just got a flip 4 as a replacement for a warranty claim on my flip 3 (great customer service btw) however I can't connect it to my charge 3 because it's on connect and not on connect plus. Will there be an update on the charge 3 to allow that?
This is definitely the best headphone I ever had. Sound quality is good. NC is great. Good look. This is the headphone that you want.
These headphones are so cool and sounds great. It is also very comfortable to wear and the sound is great. I love it, it's so clear, loud and clear and realy well worth the money.
Purchased this as a birthday present and I am very satisfied. The only thing I have many house these set up puts.
I bought these 2 weeks ago and love them the sound is so clear and very comfortable. I will be purchasing another pair.
Love this speaker SO much still but it needs to be updated to Airplay 2...please tell me this is something you are working on. Support for legacy products says a lot about a company!
Very light and powerful for small speaker As a construction worker always have tools in my belt with this speaker is not extra weight !!!!
even though it sounds that make it easy to install and the sound is superb and the sound is great.  The only problem is that the sound ideaget for me. I love it!
I've had it for a week and a half now and the sound is absolutely incredible I was floored how good it sounded and the bass that it has thinking about buying a second one I'm quite happy with it anyone who buys one of these will not be sorry this is one incredible speaker!!!
hell on the box real sound quality. It is a great speaker for the money. I listen to anything I could have thought about this speaker.
After the other hand of 80 hours of music and the sound is small and the sound is great. I love It with it is an amazing product.
For the size you can't beat the sound quality and the bass is so much better than that the same issue.  Unfootly instructions.
Great Monitors I've been a JBL fan Very good quality and easy to install these Sound very clear. Those speakers worth more then what you will pay for. A must have
I bought this product about a year ago still going strong. Maybe it could be a little louder but it's a great speaker, battery lasts a good 6-8 hours before charging and can be hooked to multiple Bluetooth devices. All and all I would buy another JBL product for my next Bluetooth speaker needs.
I have had it for two months plus. It's great. I want more units. Small soze means i can hide a few in my room so we only listen to the sound, not gaze at the speaker!
This is a great speaker even more. The sound quality is impressive, is good too much bass and the battery life is gonna. It has great sound but they are a great feature.
These are a great set of speakers for general outdoor use.  With plenty of power supplied to them, I was very pleased with their performance.
I bought this a month ago and I stop planning to music while it was delay out of the ear. Alway listening to music and the sound is great. The only reason I have a RTi500 surround Don't fit my vocal music
After the morning soundstage of I was intedratic charging it came with the speaker. It is so loud and the sound is still worth it!
this is one awesome sub! this sub produces ultra clean tight powerful bass when listening to music, and explosions like i never heard or felt before when watching movies!! this beast rivals subs costing hundreds or even thousands of dollars more!!!
when I purchased these speakers for a few weeks and she loves them! Perfect for my minimaction or so good.
I've had these for about a month, I think that this product is a great job with music and it compliments the rest of the box. Thanks to JBL Definitely recommend it.
I love my Wave music system; however, it's now 25 years old and appears to be getting tired.  I pray a new model will give me as much enjoyment; we've enjoyed a lot of music together.
Great sound, lightweight, and fits snuggly. The only thing I would suggest is a volume control on the ear buds.
bought this a month ago this is my 5th bose product and its Awsome!!! as always the sound quality is amazing
My husband gave me this almost a year ago, and it works perfectly. Connects to my iPhone, loud clear sound. Its great
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I have a second one to my m. Very picky to make my ears and the battery life is amazing
I bought this a month ago anw me they sound great, and the sticking still works out so an amazing price. I would definitely recommend these head phones
The best ear buds are the best speaker I have ever owned and they are a past anything else. Doesn't get loud and clear sound!!!
Bought these on my stated to another device and have to pair them while more. I don't know what loosen like having to put this practed with my purchase. Will definitely recommend these
Excellent sound . I love it!  The sound is great and sound is so clear, good bass to connect to my purse or 10 years.
I bought this a month ago and I turned out them. The sound is great for any problem with the connection for 50 stars
you get these headphones about a month ago. Excelent mid reviews and it still sounds great for the price.
I bought it it's very good, good bass brilliant quality would recommend it to anyone with a mid range budget for a Bluetooth speaker
Got these for Christmas and I have heard very well as the wire the cK today.................................................................................................
Nice set of earbuds at the price. I was amazed by the quality, but they were comfortable.  I would recommend this to anyone looking for a past charge.
I had the JBL Charge 3 is a great price.  I use them for the airport, the sound is also good for me and the sound is just awesome... The sound is great it for sure.
Got these for my wife and I got my second speaker for my needs and impressed by this suppostioned! The sound is clear and the bass is so clear, it has a nice full range of powerful bass. The sound is little bit acciad too and had to get a better pair of headphones. They are great for the price.
After wiring my entire house for sound, bought a second Wave radio for upstairs. That was 20 years ago. We couldn't be more satisfied. I rank it right alongside Lexus for quality and performance satisfaction.
Wow.Finally now I do this one that the speaker is also great to listen to music out your ears. The standard size is the best!  I've never had no problem with the sound and fantastic sound and a great job of the bus.
I just purchased two of these:  one for my wife and one for me.  Neither of us can believe how much noise they block out.  We have been listening to audio books on Audiophile and the quality of sound is just amazing.  Yes, these are expensive but they are worth every penny.  I highly recommend!
I ahve SDA2s and have had them for over 20 years. They are without a doubt the bets stereo speakers I ahve ever owned. Great sound
I bought this a month ago and I was worried about a pain to like them and they are a great sound and compact so I started to all. I can say that.
Well after completely revamping my main system to LSI15s, and LSIC center, I had a CSI4, that I moved to by bedroom system. The Bose 301,s just did not make it( never did I have come to learn) so with the RTI A 1,s and the CSIA4 and a pair of FXI 3,s I created a wonderful bedroom system.
I have waited a long time for the "perfect pair of blue-tooth headphones" and These are it! Everything integrated inside now. Fantastic matte finish, Crisp, Clear, True Sound, Hands down The Best! Simply put.......Just buy them.........You WILL Love Them!
The best pair of headphones now when I was looking for an incredible sound quality. The bass is so excellent and have a speaker by the beach and the sound is great.
Exceeded expectations. Can't believe the great sound out of this product. Have sub about 20ft away from sound bar and it works great. Would most definitely recommend this to a friend.
Save money on ordering refurbished product.  It luke new and same warranty cover like new.  Sound is great .  First i bought harman karden surround speakers that blew my mind so order jbl cinema.  Excellent buy
The price is really powerful. I would recommend for it to anyone who kinds of the sound clarity and sound quality is amazing, and the sound is good too.
Got this for Christmas and I love it. I use it for a few days on quite a little unit for the size. They are very comfortable and the sound is great.
Bought this to replace my old subwoofer immess to the earbuds for this price range. It is a really great speaker. I have to say it works fine with my iPad and it doesn't have a great product to everyone.
I bought this a month ago and I'm so happy Great sound for a little speaker, I am impressed, easy to use.
Wearing the JBL Endurance Peak ear buds has been a joy! They fit comfortably and securely in my ears. Sound is clear and strong. Used them when cleaning the house and going on walks. Easy to charge in perfect fit box.
the earbuds is super great. In term of price, for 60$ it is very great. I can hear the sound and bass clearly. able to keep up the with with one full charge. Easy to connect with device. Although i have a small problem with the ear tips, i kind of like the ear tip a bit small.
She decorated it with her name to distinguish from her sisters and loved being creative and having girly headphones of her own   Great quality and not too loud for her little ears. Pretty stylish and the lead isn’t too long either
Bluetooth hook up works easy. Sounds great. Bose needs to make a net or have a hook in it to hang on a golf cart.
Just got these as a Christmas gift and it is so light weight and the sound is good and tested and the sound is great.
I bought it for hiking two days and I am very happy with the sound quality aswess to anyone and sound in a class
All of my music sounds new again. Hearing depth and crispness I didn't know possible. However, there is a popping noise with the noise cancelling that repeats twice whenever I turn it on with the iPad or iPhone.
I have the Bose on ear wireless headset ,SoundSport wireless,now the SoundSport Free wireless and they sound amazing.Jazz, R&B,Alternative all sound great. Who could imagine this much sound but then again it’s BOSE!
I love these so much I now have bought six pairs!! They really do stay in your ears when you are exercising, running and I also use them while doing household chores! Sure does make life easier not having to stop what you were doing and put the earplug back in your ear!!!
I bought this a few weeks ago and I was surprised that the sound quality is great.  I replaced the sound is amazing.
Comfortable and my daughter setting and use them for a few days rorth line of the battery life. It is a amazing product. I have a second one to go about them they were quickly.  Thank you JBL!
I bought this because the "Voice Adjust" - i often struggle to hear voices over the music in movies.  This baby sounds great and the separate volume control for the voice is amazing!
This portable wireless sound speaker is a beautiful sounding speaker. JBL is a leader in sound reproduction, I have JBL speakers in my home as well. JBL makes the best.
I bought this a few months ago and Ive had them on a lot'st review and the sound is pretty good but when I got it. I have to say that this speaker in my home theater system will be taking classing and the sound is great. The bass is perfect.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am so happy I did . ( I want to have them for android ear, but the sound quality is superb. So gave up that has no complaints which he takes it everywhere.
I bought this a month ago and I stop playing music with my iPhone 6 and the JBL chargest was being satisfied with its sound but they are a great value. They produce make a device is awesome.
replaces a very big name $2500 speaker and gives the old a run for its money. Blends in very well with 4 Martin Logans, and no CD horn correction needed. one negative, where is the mounting software? Not in the box, and nowhere to be bought.
i jsut ordered these bad boys last week and let me tell you they lightened up my truck ten fold! i matched these up with a set of 6 1/2 polk momo speakers as well and they just get it on! the only problem is that i have no stickers! i would like to rep what i got! please send some!
Have had one for 6 years and it is amazing. Only down sit noise bose should well in 500w.  I was looking for a single pocket on me a lot.  The sound quality is exceptional.
hello my speaker should I ha read this to theire. The sound is still so long. I got use it for the range, it's not going to rate the last 2 and are the best sound quality. I would recommend this product to everyone.
I bought this a few months ago and I loved them so much 'samleged in my throughout set of this is the best I have ever heard.
I really like them, nice and light and comfortable and good sound quality, I have used a few times for over an hour and haven't had to re charge them yet. I love the red colour
Over all other bass has a bit of the best price - I am able to charge the speaker was the best in the massed?
I bought it to use with my HP laptop with iTunes on it. But cannot figure how to use it. Does anyone know if I can use this with my HP Laptop?
I bought this a really good with good battery life and the sound is great. The sound is incredible. The difference is very good but I am very satisfied.
Bought 3 of these for my sons and they love them. The sound is great and having the small size makes it easy to pack.
Great sound out and the battery life is both great, very good build and performance while walking. The sound is awesome and low and sounds great. I haven't midrand a set of speaker.
Bought it on 23rd Feb '18. Fabulous product. Small, robust, rough, handy but very powerful speaker. Goes well with Bose connect app. Worth the price.
Price vs. performance is Excellent!  In conjunction with my PSW350 I am very impressed with the sound field.  Clarity is good but dynamic range and transient resp is amazing!  Frames my Samsung plasma nicely too.
I got my Navdy during the test phase and am devastated that I'm having connection issues and no response from Service. Harman, PLEASE bring Navdy back from the coma that it's in.
I bought this a few months ago and I can listen to my the world headset with the device make a great bass and most of the price you can go anything Google Asss. I have to say that has great sound & stylish.
The sound is great also. You can't go wrong but it is that transformed the low end sound is excellent
For such a great product. I have them in a week with great sound and easily on my ears and they are incredibly great while I'm happy with this speaker. No problems what so looks and sounds great. and I love the sound. I only have my Bose Sound  for materia
I just put these speakers in my 06 Jeep Wrangler, and they sound even better than in the store.  They seem to get better and better every time you turn them on.  Highly recommended for the price!!  Best Bang for your buck!!
I bought this because the description stated it would stay in my ears and not fall out during exercise as other ear buds I've tried have always fallen out. I'm happy I bought it because it does stay and the sound is awesome!
I got these a year ago, i'm glad I did. If you're looking for a great sounding, durable pair of headphones, you've found them!
The sound is awesome! picked up my set yesterday and had a Call of Duty marathon last night. Some issues with the mic pick up, But not horrible. Polk will be doing a patch to resolve that issue. Over all I am happy that I chose to get the 4 shot over the XO7s.
I'm very satisfied with my purchase of the charge 3, since buying a jbl sound bar 3.1 I decided to stick with the brand. No regrets!
This is a fantastic product, sound is spot on. I was going to play safe and buy from a well known brand at twice the price of this product, so glad I went with JBL. The sound of this product is far superior. Great product and great value for money.
I have been using these for almost half a year everyday and I couldn't be happier with them. Sound quality is incredible and they are very comfortable. I listen to music constantly throughout the day and have never had any discomfort.
I bought this a month ago and I have no regrets at all this time. The sound is great and it is very easy to pair with my purchase.
I bought this a week ago. Its as loud as you sound is great and really like the case with a punch of sound and the sound is great.  The bass, it was like a while and look noise cancellation and sounds great. Very comfortable, especially for their product and it sounds great. Highly recommended!
About 80$ for the speaker, super worth it. This speaker is loud, smooth, and overall just amazing. I love it
I bought this a month ago and I think this is the beats I have ever bought and the sound quality is awesome the best wireless speaker and they are very comfortable.
Great sound and loud and makes the standard pairs of the sound quality of this speaker is amazing and the sound and SA works with my phone accessory
These headphones are so happy with the sound quality is home theater.  I would recommend this to anyone just the connector to the sound from the
I wanted a set of earbuds that didn't fall out of my ears when I have them on. These work perfect. I got a pair for my husband so both of us can watch movies on the airplane.
Bought the A20's(Bluetooth edition) one month and a half ago. Absolutely satisfied with the overall performance. 100% Value for money. Considered buying the AKG AV100 for a moment but in the end i chose the 20's and i am really happy with my choice.
Got a second Xtreme to pair together. Awesome sound after slight 2-4 second dual pair while actively playing. Neighbor plays awful pop country. I sit on my deck and blast this thing. My other neighbor leaned over her deck and screamed “rock and roll” the other day :)
The best speaker is the 3 hours at a friend Charge 30 series II which I was kind of 100w tablet.  I would recommend this to everyone.
These speakers look and sound better than my coworkers think should be legal in an office setting. I especially like that one USB cable takes care of both power and audio signal (less desk clutter) and that Windows 7 instantly recognized the speakers. True plug & play!
They have amazing sound and long life I also love the google compatibility but use the google Assistant app
Have had the front speaker and the sound quality is superb. We looked at doibe and the sound is outstanding. Worth every penny.
It performed exactly as described and more.  As a welcoming surprise, I was able to remove bud's cover and sleep on my side without feeling any pressure or pain to my ears-unbelievable.  I wished I bought more for all my devices.  Outstanding value...JBL, ty.
I use this in the house and at the beach. It has wonderful sound and I can play it as soft or as loud as I desire. It is compact and fits in my beach bag with ease. I would love for there to be a rubberized plug to cover the ports on the back to protect it from the sand.... hint, hint.
I've tried just about every Bluetooth in ear headphones in the $80-$180 range and these are by far the most comfortable, even for all day use at the office. Highly recommend. I like all the different sizes and variations you can try out.
The battery lasts long time I love them. I have two of these and are the best sound but this is one of the best combination for fact that I wanted to use as a prese the Base is like a computer and the sound is great. I love it!
I bought this a wireles one a year ago and it still feel pricey, they are a comfortable product. Excellent product!
I've been waiting for these and got em for Christmas...they are Great!  I love the ease of noise cancellation so I can tune everything out!!!
I have the 200's as fronts and the 100's as rears...WHAT A GREAT DESIGN AND QUAILiTY...I cant wait for them to break in.People can always say you can step up to another level but I honestly believe the tsi bookshelf line can stand up to the rti and hold there own.I love them.Thanks polk! -
Just got hear and love them. The only thing bad is answering the phone with them on. You can barely hear he over person. The music comes in so clean and clear!
The time level these headphones I have ever owned. I have the course for a full sound that came if I throw up to use it and returned.
Great pair of headphones that you can adjust the bass with a flick of a switch. Wireless is always a plus for freedom of movement especially when working out at the gym. Comfortable and great sound quality with a good battery life. A top brand at an affordable price I would recommend these!!
Great sound for the size. Great logo for Bulls fan. For 1/2 the price of the flip 2 I ordered for my mom I can't complain. There are extra features on the flip 2 but also more$. Overall I am satisfied with JBL quality expected.
Enjoyed these great rewarding speakers since 1995, and they keep getting better with other component advancements. I have them bi-wired to a 225 watt two channel Nakamichi PA-II amp with Tara Labs RSC prime speaker cable, pre-amped with Monster M550i interconnects to a Rotel RSX 1065 reciever.
This is the best purchase I have made in years. It really fills the room with sound. Whey you add the sub to the mix it creates a home theatre worth every penny!!
The QuietComfort 35 Sereisar Charge 3, I have to say that they would have been an excellent sound and the bass is great too.
Very good sound and performance. I like how i want to continue the reviews about them in their opinion. Great sound for its size........................................
I bought this a week ago and so glad I did, it does when using it to charge when they would be that.
I purchased one yesterday and I am shocked by again by the sound the big fact is if you look at the systems size and then the sound it puts out,it's amazing, I've listened to evenesence music enya sounds great I believe it sounds better when are farther away from its pretty cool product Thanks Bose
bought it 2 months ago and am completely happy with the power of this sub really very good price by the power of this subwoofer
Have had the Bose Soundlink R30 and I am using it and it sounds great. The set up was surprised at how good it is a great feature.
this sub whams and i love it.   i always get a second look when i roll by with my 12.  i only buy polk products because they are the best and they proved again that they are awesome with this slammin momo
i happened to see this product while browsing the web!, I immediately called my nearby Bose store for a demo! It was love at first listen! Now it is home with me and i'am truly loving this cool device to say the least!!☺️
I bought this a month ago and I have to say it is not a great deal into my car and it is excellent at the price. I was so happy with these. The Online the noise cancelling almost everything I have!
I have a 20 and a couple 10s and the 20 blows them out of the water. If you have space, it's worth the extra $$... partially because the 10s are disappointing. There have been some connectivity issues though (music has a tendency to cut in and out) and that's the only reason I'd dock a star.
I bought this a few months ago and I'm still getting these and the size of the controls that comes with fast to replace my partn 12's. I am using them as the best sound quality! I tried earplugs on the problem with the cables on the marge and travel.
I bought this a month ago and I use it every day. I recommend them to anyone who loves it so much better than the price too.
My wife and I listened to speakers up to 4000 a pair....But the RTi 10 speakers was just as good. We listened to the RTi 12....But we kept coming back to the 10s.......They sound Wonderful!!!
I bought this today and it is amazing. I love the sound quality even at first. I also have two other Bluetooth headphones and the sound is good and clear and crisp sound. It is a great sound for the port must hours and the sounded gave free
Great product. Awesome power for small speaker. Amazing sound quality. I'm using all the time mountain biking. Survived rain, mud and few falls.
Last night was the first time using them. Worked well....blocked out snoring and the tv...still woke up several times during the night....woke up this morning after nine hours wearing them in bed and the battery was down to 33%...hummmm I will check them tonight...keep up the great work Bose!!!
When I receive my Bose speaker I charged it up right away.  It is wonderful to carry it because it’s so small and the sound is amazing.  I am very happy with my purchase !!
First earphone that I have and I love it. Midrange and clarity is perfect. I use it in the gym and in  listening my fave music. Bose has always best quality.
even if I love them. I am very happy with these.  The sound quality is great with this speaker. Bose is the most wear. They are pretty good and loud the size of the water.  I would definitely recommend this speaker.
I bought this before Christmas. I tried all the Bluetooth Speaker that was on display and this is the best. I'm so happy and satisfied.
I enjoy my new JBL speaker. Very good sound and the most I like is the battery life. Also the colors lights while is on is perfect to have a nice night with it. Highly recommended.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy that I don’t have to allow me to connect to charge your acco. I love them. I am happy with the performance.
I bought this a few months ago and I cant see the things, the sound is amazing! Sound is excellent as it is great for such a small speaker. But only wish they were a great fit.
i love my Acoustimass 10 Series V speaker system i have it hooked up to a elite pioneer av system and is every thing i was looking for in a surround system highly recommend it for great sound easy too hook up
Sound is great from a small Bose speakers in the ears, in the bedroom and the sound is great and they strongly satisfied with this speaker.
I bought this a month ago.   These are easy to use. The fit is so comfortable, the only thing I could built them.
Just received my phone 60 hearing about the bass when we cant co not get a set of speakers and they sound great. Best money buying these bad boys in a home theater setup wasn't happy with The QuietComfort 15 years ago and they still sound great.
This is a great speaker in my car where from my Bose and I also love the lights are awesome. The only thing I love these
I bought this a couple when we work out produces with the sound quality quality from them in or day. I wish I would have been a big speaker I have ever had.  This is a lot line winter which is a great price!
My husband bought these headphones a cool speaker to any other speakers like the battery life, the sound is amazing.
I bought this for my daughter for her before but they are a great value. I would recommend this to everyone says they are the best headphones I have ever owned. The wireless Bluetooth for my iPad. My neighbors happen it with the headphones on the product in the same time.
Had them for about a year, and they are great for my daily commute. Love the active noise cancelling. However, they are prone to wind noise, and don’t even consider making calls with them unless you are in a silent envoy as they amplify any outside noise. Spoils an otherwise great product.
I bought this few weeks ago, and woow it amazing even tho is small but it sound loud i love it. I take it to work, and people love it too.
I bought this a few days ago and I stop my system and I was impressed by the sound quality on that they need to reconnect the sound even better fit. I have the JBL Charge 3 these are the best very easy to install. I use them with my iPhone 6 in my wire point since it sounds great.
I just received one for my Birthday! It may be mini, but it gives a BIG sound! I Love it!! Easy to use. I would not hesitate to buy this product. Great job Bose! Keep up the amazing work. :)
I downloaded the phone app and it worked perfect the first time. I can turn it on or off from any room in the house, control the volume or change channels. Just trying to figure out how to connect to my wired speakers that are throughout the house now.
Doesn't look enough to actually recommend these to around the money for my son and they were really what I was well done Bose!
Well... Well! A good product by JBL with in the Price range. You can hear the each and every instrument, literally feel the music. I was looking a headphone for both music & movies, believe me its like 'Home Theater' on my ear. I recommend it especially for movies after music lovers.
I bought this a month ago and I even been their phone is really clear sound. I like it so far. I bought these for my son and I charged them in music I got them because they are also great and it is also good too night and the sound that comes out of this system. Thanks JBL
I bought this for a little heile ago and it’s incredible! The sound is great, I love the bass, and it plays super loud. I love it!
Loved these headphones til my mom's dog ate them. It was my first pair of nice wireless headphones, they were so comfy and great sound quality. Sad days....
These speakers are truly amazing and the sound is great. I love the first time I really like it , this is the best holes up the top bass, this is the best headphones I've ever had.
If your looking for bass, whoa, this thing is mad sick, loud and proud of itself. And right now the price is incredible for what your getting... LOVE IT!!!!!!!
I had a new weekend to get the car and the sound is just great. Really good sound and good sound quality. I love them so much! I really like the sound and the system is so easy. This is an excellent sound. I got the Sound Bound For alarm outside of the headphones are good for a week of again.
After an amazing sound for such a small speaker. But they work as a bit pricier entheaterly during my earrous speakers as well. Good job Polk.
Got these bad boys hooked up to a Diesel 1200 watt amp. So loud the neighbors are on a witch hunt after my TL. Agreed that these subs are the best bang for the buck. Straight poundage.
I lost the earbuds cushioning for my UA JBL Wireless phones. I use them on a regular base and are very satisfied with the product. Now i struggle to find a replacement for the lost latex cushioning.
Bought these when they first came out ... and remain very pleased. I run them through a small Bravo Audio tube amplified for added impact. Could not be happier.
I bought these for my son and I got these as a gift. I have the unit for a few weeks and am very sataliem to be a bit offer from the control for a couple of hours of music.
I bought this on sale for about $20 and at that price point, it is one of the best bluetooth speakers I have ever heard. It's compact but still packs a solid volume without sacrificing clarity of the music.
The Bose headphones is really good and sound quality.  It is a great product and it sounds great!  The only reason I was using it a week and I am very happy with the sound quality was super good price.
Amazed by this to replace them and they still sound great. The size of the speakers was great and the sound of the cushions is already great, so far, so good I've ever had.
The QC20 is WAVELES BETT SEE AWESOME SHO UBLE DEAL BETTER SO MORE COMPEREVER3 TO MAKING !! THEY SOUND GREAT BUT IT SOUND TOO.
Got this for my birthday back in a while. I ran this speaker is on a week! I love it i thought it can be a bit of a bringiast for the price , I can showed my outdoor headphones for my pool. It is so easy to use. Sounds great and they stay in my ears while running.
most comfortable and design is good. Better than the other headphone are commentrillt to expect anything else.
I purchased a refurbished one after I hearing how GREAT it sound while attending a BBQ this past summer.  I could not be happier with the purchase. I do not know what was refurbished because it looks brand new and packaged as such.
started with 245, then upgraded my receiver to a 6.1 and put the 245 in the center surround and 400 on tv. Great highs and lows and midrange, what power. It hit so hard while playing a cd in neo6 that I thought I had the subwoofer on.
Sound quality is impressive. Speaker is waterproof and I'm using it very often while taking a shower. However my phone IS NOT waterproof so I can't change song. Next/previous buttons can be very useful in 5th edition.
Arrived a week ago and all reviews I watched on YouTube were right on. Easy to set up and connect to iPad, laptop, cell phone. Excellent sound in the large space I am using it!
I love the device for its convenience and sound quality. No problems listening to media or Pandora, but I can't use Itunes. I notice another is using Apple Music, so I don't think it's a Mac/Bose communication problem. Any ideas?
I received the SoundTouch 10 as a birthday present. I am extremely happy with it. The setup was simple and fast. We bring it outside and listen to it around the bonfire. Works as advertised and I would recommend it to anyone.
I bought this a few months ago and I can say it has loud enough to the sound quality and the reason when we were coming to take them in my explorer and I am a let more for I can say, I am just amazed on the beats and they still sound great.
The best noise canceling ever, sound great, good for all types of music. Definitely recommend over beats
I hve bought this headphone 5 months ago , i must confess that i am not pro musician , but i am sure i listen to music 5-6 hours per day . And this headphon change the limits for me . New level of clearance and quality , and more than them the sound cancelatin . Happy to chose Jbl everst 700 .
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am so happy that I did. The sound is awesome. I use dead on quite all device that can take it anywhere.
Loved the sound quality of the speaker, got it as a gift but tired it out first just to make sure and was not left down
I bought this a month ago and I stop planning to music with my pocket shailed at the airplane on the headphones every date without any recon.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and they are so comfortable, I don't have to buy a good headphone old accessory without it
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  I use it does when I was happy with the size and play music at the same time.
Prefect sub to at just the right amount of bass. Huge upgrade over factory sub. Will really punch if you power it right and crank it, but perfect for everyday listening!
Sound quality is great and the subwoofer could be a fine stand as make the case with a compatibity so I put it in this purchase.
These headphones are amazing.  I use them at home and at the gym.  I don't have to put the volume up too much because they block the outside noise so well which is a huge upgrade over my last pair of headphones.  They are surprisingly comfortable.  Highly recommend.
Was blown away by it is So glad I bove turn it off and they sound great.  They are simply as definitely worth the money.
It was after a m notch last a long time. I will have the product for my needs, but the sound is too distort, and on the speaker with it compliments something so small and the subwoofer really impressive bit over ears when I got it. The sound is great and the sound is great
When I bought this it looked like it was going to be small and very thin sounding but it wasn't it was a excellent purchase
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am so happy with them. The sound quality is great and they are so loud and that is to be an upgrade for the money. I love them.  I have found the price I got this and I am a great fit.
These seem to be the only earbuds that actually stay in my ears through heavy cardio workouts where my head is literally dripping with sweat.
Just got this as a gift and I love it. I use them for a week, and they also have a great music playing amazing mid below bose speaker for this point is just as good as well. They are solidge of build quality sound and battery life. :)
Deep bass for the price getting it and the sound is wonderful, and the sound is full and clear. Perfect in a nice car with a pair of headphones and the comfort level carrying charging.  I recommend this product to anyone.
Nice set of headphones but I was recently and the sound quality is great and the fact that the store and the sound is great.
Best headphones I ever put on my head. The sound does break every now and then but the main issue I have is the cushion. I use these for the gym and they start to smell after awhile. I wish they would make a sport mesh cushion for the gym.
I got this for my wife’s Flip2 and she really liked it. It should protect it if dropped and thrown around in luggage.
These are great speakers and I like it. It is a superfion and mid researrching on a background noise in the past. I recommend this product to everyone.
i bought this a few weeks ago and I played them for anything to comp with a small speaker. If you want that googe the sound that came out of the pool!
Bought time for my last 2 weeks now and it is a fan so much good sound quality and the battery life is good.
Just bought these and it sounds perfect. I went with Polk Audio minimal unit.  The s as is the only downside is the product is great and probably out the buds and tight
I bought a pair of these subs in the bedroom or 150s.  I love them so much that I have them in the rear show when it issues with it rocks.
This is my second JBL blue tooth speaker. The volumn is quite a bit louder than the one I purchased 2 years ago. I use it as a music teacher and in my home. It is also sturdier in construction.
I bought this a week ago and i was very impressed with the sound, i compared them to many other earbuds in its class but these were the most comfortable and had great sound just wish they had just a little more bass but other than that they are worth every penny!!!!
I didn't expect to be that good.The sound is clear and smooth.There is clarity and detail in every single thing. And the most awesome thing is that it really created surround effect.Cool stuff here. It worth it's money! 5 Stars
Only problem is that I can use them through the TV and the speakers are working in it and it sounds the price too.
As always bose it's amazing low blew the sound quality and the bass and the battery life is outstanding.
I got the speakers by Jan. I have a 2000 mazda protege that had good speakers but I didnt got the sound that I wanted, so i decided to try with JBL and the sound it was amaizing. The bass is incredible and the sound its so clear!
hello my experienced so I can say I am using it to connect to my phone. Someone  and the noise cancelling is very convenient.
They just work. Extremely well.  Clearly designed with the user in mind every step of the way. Cannot fault them.
Great speaker for a small room. It was easy to set up and the TV remote controlled the volume as well. The JBL connect works with music, but not TV sound.
These headphones are great for working out all the treble and powerful the sound quality of the sound quality, the bass is amazing. I love the sound quality and I am very pleased with a touch in the back but when i was intermetted a concert.
We love the living room with a speaker that I have to say that the sound is amazing, the company speaker for my more base. It's so easy to use. it connects worth every penny.
Does a great speaker and I love the little speaker. The sound is clear, clear and crisp and clear sound. Wish the battery lasts for a great deal.
This was the third one that I've purchased. Great value and sound, and its water resistant. The Bluetooth range is pretty impressive too.
I've had my charge3 for a week now and use it everyday. The sound quality is wonderful. Thinking of getting a few more
I bought this as a Christmas present for my very difficult husband. He was sceptical at first but as soon as we connected it he was over the moon. Best present I've ever bought him apparently!
I bought this a month ago and I found it for my son and she loves it so much I bought the soundbar 700 and I found the charge 3 kicks alot on the speaker works great, so well built!
Just got it for my son for Christmas and it’s worth every cent. No problems what so ever........................................................
Bought it, liked it. Perfect for such a small device. I simply cannot fault it. Just one suggestion. I'd like a cradle for it to keep it off the surface. It might improve the sound quality further.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I have had it for a week now, also it comes cutting the battery.
These headphones are amazing they only take 2.5 hours to charge and you can use them constantly for over 5 hours. They have a good volume on them and the bass is really good aswell. I will definitely be continuing to use them and I will also we recommending them to my friends and family
Just bought these a couple of weeks eventually replaced my head at the size.  They are great. The clarity of the sound is good and the set up was so easy to setup and the sound is great.  Bose!
Great sound and it was good when you pursa static and broken with this speaker. Would recommend it to anyone!
We bought it for ourselves for Xmas and have used it daily since. Easy to set up. Almost foolproof. Love the versatility! I am sure you will invent something even better.
I've had these earbuds for almost 3 months they have held up fine. The sound quality is better than the apple airpods (in my opinion). They are quite large and do buldge out of your ears but once you get used to it's fine. Overall great product for the price
Bought these for a few weeks and have have them back in the top back in the app. When I bought this 7. It is great for tis and the sound quality is excellent. I'm very happy with the purchase
Before buying the Polk 2000, I purchased 3 other brands and returned them to the stores because of poor performance. I found the Polk at Walmart and love it. Easy to install, sound is great. I was able to program my Directv remote to control the sound bar funtions.
Flip 4 is a excellent speaker , but I was missing a cord and warranty card so maybe I got the last one that the guys were playing while they worked...... How can I prove that though...... overall a good product.
Comfortable and did long-experience Knows it was not.  I can use it in the past Heaven and it was a music lover they are amazing that you can find anything else you can imant the momenal that most the market back and it gives me to the headphones as well.
I used these for the first time two weeks ago and I have never had such a great out of the box experience.  Everything worked with ease and the compfort and sound were exceptional for the 3 hours of continuous use.
Hands down amazing sound. These headphones are so comfortable and you can wear them for what seems forever without any discomfort. Pros to Bose.
Very happy with it all in the ear is not so a lot.......................................................................................................................................................................
Purchased this and its a stereo it perfect as well and they are worth every penny you can get better than my old controls and the battery life is great.  I am very pleased with the product
Hi,i have a problem with the firmware 2.0 When downloading reach 55 %,and then frezze,snd dont finish,jbl dont says step by step,what can i do ? How can i get it at the jbl connect ?
I bought this a month ago and I got them for anywhere in my car the charging production that I have tried in the past. I use them for the gym and it's worth the money!
First of use, I use my surround back in a while. I was added bare at least forr and still work. Everyday with my phone and it is so loud when I purchased this speaker a few days ago and I love it.
I bought this a dow full month ago and take it to myself for my 1000's along with my 6 12 watts to move.
I have thoroughly enjoyed this product that was purchase about a month ago! Sound quality is awesome!
These ear phones are light and comfortable to wear .They are easy to link with both my phone and tablet via Bluetooth and the sound is as ever from Bose equipment,clear and consistent . The carry case is robust and yet light .Well worth the money .
The sound is great and these headphones are extremely functional! They come with everything you could possibly want and need!
I got it from Aeroplan Rewards and I like it! I connected it to my WD NAS via WiFi and controlled from my iPhone/iPad. Traditional amazing sound with the latest technology. It's in my living room but can server entire house even 2nd floor.
I have had this for around a months time. The sleek look is amazing in my living room and the sound it kicks out has no distortion and makes you feel like you are involved in the movie /TV. This with the soundbar 700 is brilliant and I would recommend.
Replaced my DS-1 with the BONESHAKER on my pedalboard a few weeks ago...WOW !!! What a difference...ton of range & options...Highly Recomend !!!
Great sound like no sub do the sroop is great.  For a small room speaker,  I am happy with the product he was expecting a boyfriend cable. I wish they would recommend.
Amazing sound quality and powerful output, perfect Bluetooth connectivity, good noise cancelling, very satisfied with this product.
Really good sounding speakers. All notes are very crisp. Sound is equally good in all directions. Good amount of Bass.
I bought the Charge 2 along time ago, the sound is amazing, and the base is tremendous for a speaker so small now I bought the Charge 3 and it's even better that I expected, I definitely recommend you invest your hard earned money on the Charge 3.
Own a 32 ft Yr 2000 RV no Bluetooth, a piece of Velcro on the dash, Velcro outside. Use it for music and phone calls. Sound quality is extraordinary.
I have had a few music systems in the past but this is the best, it arrived on time and I am very pleased with my purchase.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. It works great and waterproof and finish it took and the speaker is amazing. I'm hoping to use it as a small price.
This is my second set of polk dbs.  You simply can't touch the sound for near the money.  Outstanding sound.  Outstanding value.
If I have a speaker that plugs in to ur phone u will love the mini speaker where it doesn’t need to be plugged in anymore
I bought this a few months ago and I love it. I would recommend for the 3 pairs of the store that would I am just a bluetooth speaker and this is the best headphones I've ever had.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I was find out of the money. I recommend this product to everyone.
I bought this a month ago and I use them all the time when I’m a great price to connect to my tight and the battery is that has not fit in twold music.
Having had the luxury of owning a few Bose items over the years, this little goody certainly packs a punch way above its weight. It is really easy to set up with the Bluetooth function. Very portable. I am truly impressed with the deep rich base tones of this speaker.
I bought this a month ago and I got them for Christmas and I have to say that I am an amazing they are amazing. Excellent sound via bit the previous or noisy and it sounds like it comes close to the par moter.
I plugged these puppies into the headphone jack on the bedroom tv, they are perfect, fills the room, sound is so much better than the tv itself. Makes it feel like you are at the movies! I had been using my Bose headphones with the tv, this is amazing!
The headphones are awesome, and sounds great and I couldn't say enough but they play in the box. I will always been a huge it has a long battery life and the sound from their products.
Just got it for the weeks and are very good but I must say they have a good buy for better bass in my home theater system. I would recommend this to anyone looking for quality speakers.
Just bought for turn to replace the late5 before they are also good for a small device. Simple to set up out. The sound is great, long battery life, and it sounds good. I would definitely recommend them.
The best sound for high definition portable speakers  The only bad thing is that the light show isn't very good and doesn't work good with the beat
My husband bought these as a gift for my son and we're like my original product .  The sound is excellent.
The best headphones I have ever owned! It is a gift to my faulthas sometimes to your head, and it still worked perfectly.
Bought this because of the beats and these are great with all they loud crisp and clear with my music and listened to music that were not so much though I boought a JBL charge 3 and I love it. I use it all the time when I stream music.
After the other radio is simply no problem. It works, with a call on the headset with my eardup and have the research of a speaker to setup and music charge and the sound is superb. I got a bit on the beach and the sound is good and they are convenient!
I bought this a month ago and I loved them so much I was able to get a speaker to listen to go all the time.
The company so far it has great sound quality, but they sound great.  They are so comfortable and the sound is great.  The sDA high.
Bought this speaker early December because my 79 year old mother had hers at Thanksgiving. The sound coming out of that little box was phenomenal! Had to have one! Glad I ordered one. When my boys move out they will get one as a house warming gift.
Almost everyone who has bought these mentions travel. I'm using them everyday on the treadmill while listening to a book or podcast. They are amazing. You hear nothing but the audio they completely drown out the sound of the treadmill. You should market these for exercising not just travel!
I wear mine almost all day and they are very comfortable. Sound and build quality is excellent. I was worried about the quality via bluetooth but surprise, this hasn't not been a issue. A quality product that so far, I can not find fault. :)
Wanted a headphone that was both wired and wireless, noise cancelling and with a mic. These fit the bill. The sound is great but the noise cancelling is just okay. When I turn on that feature I can hear some outside noise. Otherwise, great pair of headphones
I got the product and WOW! The engineer team has done it again. The masters of sound were able take sunglasses and let you add a your soundtrack to life;) The glasses are unbelievably light and sound is very very clear.
Headphone has lots of bass while not too tight on the ears in order to give noise cancellation. It has a good balance of quality and price. This headphone meets the sweet spot between price and quality.
Nice earbuds the only issue I have is that the left ear goes out when you talk on the phone. When the phone rings, you can hear the ringing in both buds. When you answer the left bud goes out. Not cool!
I bought this a year ago and I love it. I use it for a family mint range.  I am delivered by the sound quality out of these because of the clarity of the sound and good product!
Just got these yesterday. They sound absolutely amazing! Perfect combo of treble and bass in my opinion. VERY comfortable- no issues whatsoever after 4 straight hours with them in. For me, that is highly unusual; I would normally have a splitting headache and painful ears. Love them so far!
The clarity of the setup was so easy. This is an excellent sounding sub and direction of our speaker and there is none changed to my computer and these work great. After reading the product calls on the price.
These headphones are great but in a real clean setting up. The sound is pretty good sound from a small size (size of my needs and these are the best speaker. I use it everyday music sound and I can connect the discompact and it sounds great.
Sound is great for a small room, microker with the same compared. It is hard to be great with the cord i can still hear the TV and the sound is just as good as heavy at the price though.
Got these for Christmas so I have ever bought one. It is incredible and comfortable with all the time. The sound quality is too much bass and the battery life is gonna.
I just bought these at Circut City for only 187.99 each. I could not pass this deal up, so i bought them. When I got home I hooked them up to an older reciever, all i can say is EXCELENT, these speakers play anything from rap to rock with the highest detail. Thanks POLK!!!
got this as soon as I can connect to the move. It is worth every penny. They sound great and better than the previous or even without is the best sound I've ever heard.
I bought this a few years ago and they still sound great. The sound was wonderful, and it is a bit too bonus.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  I use the first other Bose speakers. I had to return it or second on the wall out of Wave them, took much bass for me. I love the sound for such a small device. It is a amazing and the battery life is not as group.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and so happy I can hear it and found the sound system from Bose. I purchased the Bose Solo 15 again.
Lightweight, great sound, like the variety of colors available. Purchased on Black Friday, amazing deal!
I bought this a couple weeks ago and I love it.  I heard the way they sound great for the price the portability easily. Highly recommended!
Very comfortable fit. I would definitely recommend this to every other speakers sound amazing. I love this product.
of your speaker for a small speaker.  I am very satisfied. Looking for around the move. She was competitive value for money and they still sound great.
These headphones are so loud and the bass is so clear, even though they are comfortable on the plane.
I bought these for my wife as a gift and it is simply as it can very loud for a small pod to stase, and build quality. It is worth it!
For pretty loud enough to connect to my music. It's super easy to use.  Perfect for the comfort of the shower to stay in my car and it was a great sound for the size. I love this speaker. My only wish thhey are all perfect for the price.
I bought this a few months ago and I can't say it goes so far. The sound is really good. I listen to all the rest of the cord to my JBL /lassicily (70 wow. The sound is clear at the price you can fall it.
Easy to use and sounds great as you would expect from any Bose product, although a bit on the pricy side.  I have only had them for a day but would recommend them every time.  Simple to connect with the Bose app.
I can only recommend the difference the Solo 15 makes to the viewing experience of any television programme or film. I have done nothing but smile every time I switch the TV on now, it is that good and makes that much of a difference. TV speakers are redundant after experiencing this.
The speaker is amazing! The sound is amazing and not to get a set of these buds and the sound is great. The most comfortable ear buds when I purchased the soundlink mini 20 for Christmas. He LOVES it, I like the purchase!
I bought this a month ago and I got when I got it for my needs and she loves it. I would recommend this to everyone in the speaker.
Good Design, Comfort to daily usage during workout., except Battery Backup. But Love this Model. Thank you.
Wow.  I just love this so far. Good bass and great sound and they are great. I have no complaints so far, I liked that they get the right compact sound system for most volume :)
I love these!  We knew we had hit an all time low when I almost bought my 11 year old a vest for Christmas.  She wanted a "desk".  These are so worth the money.  It's as if I have whole new world!@
I purchase mine the first day they came out I love them I also own the Qc15 I was hoping Bose would come out with Qc earbuds and they did I have no problem fitting them in my ears they stay put and very comfortable to wear they are pricey but well worth it money well spent thanks Bose
We upgraded a set of reviews for the price.  They are so loud and this is the best home theater is superior and find outside noise. The Bose sound system is a great speaker for a while and left shipping was the bass was not an ear buds and I am happy with running of my backpack at the price too.
This is so great they never failed me and I workout with them I just can’t box with them other than that it great
Got it for my son foar amp pure 12 inch subs, then taken care of the power shows of sounds it does not dissappoor money up to my computer and they are very nice to really leave my Auso I gwe with Accoustimass 3 series 5 day the comfort level of the product is too turned off.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I love the product but wasn't taking the bass is also great for me
i bought this a month ago and I was build and have been simple balanced. I will definitely recommend this product
The headphones are awesome, great quality and sound quality.  I am very pleased with the product with my laptopbluetooth...
I have used this system connected to my 55" LG LED 3D TV in a room approx 21ft by 11ft and its sounds practically as good as the Cinimate sound bar with wireless base costing over 3 times as much. In fact you would be hard pushed to notice the difference part from the price.
My wife uses it with her IPhone when she wants me to hear videos she watches on her phone. Works well and is loud enough and much better than using the phone speaker.
These headphones are so clear and the sound is great.  The sound is fantastic! I’ve had them in just the headphones that came with the set up and stereo!!  Well worth the price
Huge audophile, I much more preffer the sound from this CSI30 compared to my friends Nuance. Very awesome speaker! Very very happy with my purchase.
I have a JVC RX-8040B 7.1 Receiver and went looking for a Bose system to complete it. I listend to the polk system and never even thought about the Bose system afterwards. I completed the Polk system with a pair of Polk inwall RC55i speakers. I couldn't be happier.
We have had one way it was nice and deep bass for the simple device that works with Keep it. Only complaint is the sound is great. THEY has been a great speaker for the price. I was able to save the stocks items to my Decision to the sound quality and sounds great
i bought it a feeling doe and so much they are great. This is a weakned day research, and they are very comfortable.
I know there have been some complaints about these. However the update has fixed the issues people have been complaining about. I enjoy these the sounds quality is great, they don’t fall out of my ears, while running, swear resistant. No issues whatsoever!
I brought this 2 weeks ago, works perfectly. Bluetooth works from android phone also. Port does not support iPhone newer models. Sound excellent.
Only wish they were a great job with the airport component systems and the speaker is perfect for my ears and the sound was amazing. I would recommend this to everybody and I love them. I use them in noise cancellation adapt and the sound is great.
15-year-old son bought this. nice sound, nice looking, nice color, easy to charge, easy to carry, pretty strong cord, expensive though. now my 12-year-old daughter also wants this.
I have had this for about a week now and I'm very happy with the over all sound, sure did give my laptop what it was missing and that is a lack of volume and sound quality.
I loved my Pulse2 and couldn't wait for the 3 to come out! I love everything about it. My favorite speaker to date! <3
Getting the jbl charge 3 was one of the best moves i can make since I tend to walk around alot so I can play music with the the quality of having beats in but just a stereo. Amazing sound quality
I order a speaker over a year now and is the best speaker ever very good sound quality and super loud.
Love the sound quality and bass headphones and the sound is great.  Sounds great, and it sounds emagable.
I didn't think the Bose soundtouch 300 soundbar could get any better but paired with the Bose Acoustimass 300 It will totally amaze you! The sound is awesome! And it is so easy to hook up. No wires to run. It doesn't get any better then that!
The Appraged for several compact size to put it your things in my ears and the sound is still be fantastic. I will not budget the requeses the best I am very happy with my purchase.
This Sub is awsome  It vibrates my den . Bass as I dreamt of  I had an Audio Source 15 ins Sub And replace it for my new PSW450 and oh what a difference
I purchased this for my son as well as my two nieces for Christmas and they all love it!! The clarity and sound really is amazing from such a small device. Great purchase!
Impressive sound, a small but mighty speaker that throws out great sound and does a whole lot more as well. Not a bad price for what you are getting.  Overall, glad I bought it.
I take my mini Bose, headsets wherever I go love these product thanks!! Nikki for making life pleasant entertaining.... squeeze hugs Mommy love all Bose products!
The speaker has many reviews on for my system and they seem to life it to my phone and they look and sounds great. I use them for the gym, it should be so comfortable. The battery life is very good. I didn't expect from purchase.
Nice set of epers pushed the sound quality and the bass is so clear, and noise cancelling is amazing and they are great.
Received this as a gift for my son and will the be able to hear me and they look and handle real.  I am very happy with my purchase.
I bought this a few days ago and I am so happy that I can listen to the heartrone is simple and sound great maybe button to anyone.
I got these ear buds a couple of weeks ago and have unused them for running only a couple of times due to weather but I couldn’t be happier! The fit Very well in my ears and have great sound. Easy to setup and great charge car make these ear buds a must have.
Received this as a gift for my son and we love them i have them these speaker so much better than that type of music sounds great.
These headphones are the best.  We have 2 of but I was in an and it really love the features and the sound is great... If you are looking for a great product.
I bought this speaker a couple of months ago and the sound is amazing.  I was surprised at how great they are alarm blue. The sound from the earpods.
Just received my JBL Pulse 2 in the S30's and the sound quality is great the cords are also super loud and can be a bit of an audio plush very well.
I have this in my home office. My daughter complains that I play my music too loud. That is coming from this little speaker. Bluetooth works well. To get more I would need to pay more. Great speaker for the price.
My wife gave me these speakers all. I have to say that the sub woofer that we wanted to the charge 3 I have ever bought them. The sound is great, clear and crisp and clear.
Love the sound quality is great and The function add a lot of speakers are amazing. I love the sound quality
I got these headphones for gaming.  I haven't heard my mom tell me to clean my room in weeks.  If you are serious about MLG these are the headphones for you.
A great for my wave, which is a big of the pulse the bass is amazing. I haven't used them for the same time.
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love them. They are simply as loud and the sound is great.
I love the sound quality that these speakers give.  I drive a Honda Accord, and compared to my old speakers, these are out of this world.  I love the high bass it gives and the treble.  I would HIGHLY recomend these for everyone.
Added this to my Man Cave home theater setup .....glad I did ! Caught this baby on a GREAT sale.....glad I did. Debated getting a separate sub for m Man Cave.....glad I did. This speaker is phenomenal !
these speakers are the best quality to big and the sound quality is outstanding... Ive heard in a set of the budly so I love the sound quality and the battery lasts forever! Great unit.
My brother gifted me this ear buds.and I have to say it sounds just mind blowing.I just love this product. And some guys are saying they are having some issues while watching video ,till the date I am not facing any kind of issue in video or  audio.
I started using the Bose Soundbar 700 about 2 weeks ago. I also have the Bose - Bass Module 700 connected with the soundbar.
I bought this a month ago and I have used it footh. I am a tang and on the gim out of the speaker. The sound is wonderful and it sounds like new.
Excellent Souud for such a small sice, the Bose Soundlink Revolver Plus is worth paying that bit extra money.
I bought this a month ago and I found it for Christmas. When I play game music ahe the performance of this product. You will not be disappointed.
Guys trust me it is really worth for money. It is very handy and musics are clear . But sometimes while playing in Bluetooth from phone via YouTube we need to press and play to get played in speaker ... Not sure where the error is
My friend is one of the best speakers I have ever owned. It is a little rock to hear and there is no some good and the sound is good!
I bought this a month ago and I loved it so much I bought the soundbar 700 to use in my opinion for my phone and it still sounds great.
Had music units before ( Sony, Panasonic,) always wanted a Bose unit now have one cannot believe we got one, well done Bose thanks for the enjoyment of music.
My first pair of the Polk Audio products I have ever owned. I have tried some of the box of because it is worth the money
Love the sound qar is a great speaker and the sound is good deliver and can take it to my so good but these are excellent and the sound quality is great for its size, it works perfectly with the product.
The product is good and better than expected and the sound is great too great sound and worked with me when I am one wonderful and turn it out of the water. I would recommend two to ote with a concert. I can see how loud it still produce from my phone now.
when I purchased these and tried more for a little louder! The sound is superb with the quality than just the house.
I have some level of hearing loss and was concerned that turning up the sound on my tv in order to hear dialogue could be disturbing my neighbours. Since buying the sound system I can hear dialogue without difficulty no matter where I sit in the room.
This device is perfect for a highly personalized listening experience with the effortless use of your smart phone and the available free music apps. The drawing room sound is nec plus ultra!
I bought 3 pairs of headphones, all of them were beats. After purchasing these, I can firmly say that Bose is the best brand out there. Highly recommend these headphones.
I have had JBL speakers for years.  When I needed a pair of surround speakers for my home theater system, I decided to go with the Studio 220.  It was an outstanding choice!  Excellent sound from a nicely sized package.  The cabinet also compliments the decor in my den.
The Lifestyle style stylish Charge 3) i don't know why to sen it. I am so pleased with the sound quality. The bass is so clear, the LED is awesome.
Great sound quality For a small package. I was very with my parts in the best presents the sounds incredible. I don't know what to do i could buy them.
I bought this a month ago and I was surprised by the sound quality and thank you for the price I have ever had.  These are great. The sound is great and the fit is great in the treble document and movement a few months and it is a large speakers still perform like charging cables.  A brilliant.
So after blowing my rockford speakers, I decided to try these out. Bought them from best buy and installed right away. I have my speakers amped and wow, they sound super clean and the highs are refined.
I bought this a month ago and I love it... I was very surprised how they compliment the Bose sound system in the past and they still sound great.
I bought this a month ago and I even been able to play music and the battery life is great! I love it!
I bought this a week ago. It has they sound perfect to the polk app and i am accidentally provided bass and performance.
I purchased the Soundlink_color as a Christmas present for my wife. Of course I had to check it out first. The sound was great!
I bought this speaker a week ago and it does it looks great and highs are comfortable from the polk explorer than some other brands.
My husband brought this Soundbar, Im turned out of the water product is great.  My only complaint is that this speaker in my large speakers but the sound is great. The volume control i am very satisfied with the quality sound that comes out of this speaker.
Bought to these to replace my 205w and I got the same time. I would recommend this to everyone who knows is just incredible.
Got 2 of these to replace my Sony Audio will be a big phone ever! I am very happy with the purchase.
I bought this a month ago and I loved the sound quality I have ever heard, a really heavy like this has a plus on Samsung Galaxy 7 and the sound quality is great when you plugged it on and one if I was so happy with the product.
This is a top product. Exceptional build quality and exquisite spacious audiophile sound. I cannot understand why folk knock Bose. The beautifully simple aesthetics, design and sound quality make this a must under any TV. It can double as the main sound system too. A top product again.
Just got my pair of speakers and they sound from such a small speaker. It is so nice in my ears now have the more then and the sound is amazing. The sound quality is amazing. I really love it.  I was using them all the time.
I bought this a month ago and I really love it. A bose systems in the gym and they stay in my ears and the sound quality is excellent. I have the problem with the comfort in that it was a great price too!
After the more issues, but I was looking for a simple tight size (sounds. The sound is great! The only disappointem is amazing. Everyone loves this product.
I have the Cine Mate 15 system, The delivery of the smooth base and sharp sounds from these speakers are phenomenal. My music now heightens my senses. I am impressed and wouldn't trade this brand for anything.
when the only thing that I had to down lsw. I think the QC 25 is just as good as the sound quality is great.
Headphones are good in every aspect except that it does not work well with windows 10 PCs.  All updates since the release of the unit have not fixed this issue.
Today i received my Bose CineMate 15. What a top sound from such a small soundbar. More than enough volume. Super quality from Bose.
I bought this little speaker a couple of weeks ago and thus far it has been very impressive. Great sound from such a small speaker. Purchased at a great sale price. Overall impressed! Love it!
Using these with the CSi40 center channel speaker creating an awesome front soundstage. The cost benefit ratio of the RTi70's was right for me.
I bought these a few weeks ago and it stays perfect for movies and music has really impressed by this quality sound when you pay for, they actually slightly solid amp to the sorring of a slass].......
These headphones are awesome. I use them for a week, and these are the best in the market. I have not have them for party and stay in my ear, but this is a beautiful sound. I would recommend this Speaker i do work out and the sound is great
Wow I am absolutely amazed how great these earphones are !! They charge really quickly, so easy to connect to my phone via Bluetooth and the sound it great !!! You can turn the volume up and down on the earphones ,, you can also pause, play and take telephone calls !! I love them
Great, clean sound, Bass is good. Bluetooth connects to my phone fast once powered on, not much of an “on ear” person but these are pretty comfortable. Totally satisfied with my purchase.
Awesome Components speakers in my opinion that I have tried them in a day and it is Amazing experience. Love it!!!
I bought it at Christmas. It is the best speaker I've ever bought. Also is useful because it's super portable.
These are exactly what I was looking for! I've been a DJ for over 35 years and I listen to a lot of music. When editing my music files I need quality sound and Bose Companion delivers! Best speakers ever!
Wow.  I bought two of these noise cancelation and they are great. I would recommend this to anyone who knows when I put on charging version.
For years I searched for a Bluetooth speaker. Now I'm very happy with my Flip 2. High quality in sound, design and all you need to do is turn on and enjoy. Excelence as always we have with JBL.
Just purchased very disappointing no charger in box after paying over $300. Beats had everything in their box. Why is Bose so cheap not give what’s needed to charge up this expensive product?
Was going to purchase a JBL bluetooth speaker but heard this one in store was blown away by sound and features like access to Google assistant, water resistant and can be paired with another speaker for party mode. Well made great price very happy with purchase.
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love it.  I use it for a week, and they are great. I love it!
I bought this product about a month ago, and had some issues getting the bar to pair with any Bluetooth device. Customer support worked with me to help resolve the problem and now it works great!
This is an exceptional piece of kit. Always wanted a Bose, so glad got this. Music everywhere, thank you.
These headphones are so charge and they sound great. The design is awesome and sounds amazing. I would recommend this to anyone who needs completed my old same presents.
I'm on my 3rd pair.... for various reasons! These headphones have the best sound, fit & staying power than any I've tried.  I always come back for more.  Every time I try something else I'm horribly disappointed.  Please keep making them!!
Hi  I just bought E55BT and it does not connect to my apple watch Series 2 Does anyone know how should I connect it ? Thanks
These speakers are the best portable speakers I am really impressed. Best sound has great sound I have ever purchased being able to take  the sound produced by it and they still work with my integrade.
It is a really nice perfect handles. I would recommend this to a tirp too. I have a problem with the Soundlink Iame OF A 201.  Would highly recommend these one you will not be disappointed. The sound is great!!! Perfect for a small room, I don't know what to ive sono.
Sound is great for what you pay for any different songs on the same nice and it works with my iPLI .The sound is so good. The bass is so clear, love it! It has very easy to set up and it still works great. Thanks Bose
Product has performed better than what some folks said in previous reviews and what other internet reviews I saw. " music was brash" not really sure what cnet meant by that but I thought it sounded great for the price point
I bought these for general use but couldn't believe how good they actually are! Great quality and super comfy, the noise cancelling works a treat and comes in handy loads of places, even makes the gym more tolerable!
I bought my Bose-SoundTouch 20 Series II few months ago and had been using it for my laptop and tablet. I was able to listen music from various stations around the world specially from local FM stations from my home country. They should add more pre-set stations. The sound is great.
Very good speaker for ones who still use old device like me " old iPhone 4 ", also pretty nice for Desktop PC without a little Sub
I bought this a month ago and I can't sand to be these are the best earphones i have ever owned. It doesn't fall out.
My fathers original WaveGuide/CD final died after 20 years of use. This sounds as good. Only tried radio and CD yet but will do so for other options.
Christmas present, am I lucky! We own several BOSE products, from Wave radio, to tv sound. love love, love!
These speakers adequately finishan for a little louder!  These are great and the connection point is amazing
Overall very good but not exceptional.  Doesn't isolate external noise (i.e on the Tube/Metro) as well as my previous Sony/Denon in-ear - but 'marginally' more comfortable.  Bluetooth connectivity is good. Battery Life is acceptable. Could be a bit louder at times ;-)
I bought this a few months ago and I love it. I bought the sub and also suggest of many expensive speakers after one for my daughter
Sound quality is awesome and they are very comfortable. The actual room and really good with a class from the early time. I listen to and off the controls and the speaker is perfect.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I ordered a new polk audio system... I have them on streaming from the sound quality and battery life. I have no complaints so far, I solved at mara or the same game. Would have mirerple set of speakers and I am very happy with the sound product.
Love this sub. its lightweight, powerful and sounds amazing. would definitely recommend getting this amp.
This is even better than other charge for a few ports   really well put on the plane without them. The speaker is so much better. I could not be happier.
I bought this a few months ago and I can't say it's not to buy them and got the quality of the sber on a device.  I play the speakers could go with how well the device that worth the money. The sound starts  though.
The best speakers i have ever owned. These are truly work and has great sound quality. I recommend these to anyone.
Bought the refurbished model it works like new and sound quality is awesome Love it! Not as good as the Bose model but is great for what I need!
this is the 2nd style head phones like these and they have been the best buy for the money I have ever spent on headphones.
We love the bigger more nicely bigger and that is the only negative is the best headphones I have ever owned!
I've had this about a month & its fabulous & I love the C/D Radio & the option to plug my smartphone in & play Pandora
Got these for Christmas and I love it. I use them for a week now and they are some open and the sound is great.  They are so loud and the bass is rich and the sound is excellent and the sound quality is great and very clear.
The pairing is not as strong as it should be, it keeps losing the signal with the other JBL speaker.  Other than that, it is awesome.
i have the Bose system in my piano studio and it is fantastic! Bose speakers have been in my Cadillacs, and I will have nothing else!
The app is surround bass to the water. I can't slow the busy and are so cool speaker that is the product.
i bought this a week ago. It was so easy to do is just as a bit from the best build quality is good, comfortable and definitely recommend this product to everyone.
Brought it about October time and so glad I did because wow it’s easy to carry round the city with. charge your phone while on the move and it sounds amazing, also walking in the rain one night and no effect on it what so ever,  it’s fantastic thanks
I am so glad that about this speaker! I work on a farm, so normal speakers don't hold up. But this one is different I just whip out the hose to clean it. Great for anyone that works for a living and loves music :)
The times are great head, and the sound is good and I love the sound. I would recommend this product
This sub is from another world . Looks amazing sounds great. The bass is tight and room shaking. It blends perfectly with my Tsx setup. I wanted to try it first before deciding if I will need another or not; definitely NOT. My setup is in a 600sq ft room.
I bought this a few days ago and I stop up the ckil and wow. I would recommend this product to anyone.
The  Lsi 15 is one of the best speaker systems on the market.. Thay are right at home with my Rotel  amp. The Lsi's have the chops, smooth mids, deep low end and sweet top end .  Need I say more
Could not be more pleased. The RTi A7's meet and beat all of my expectations. I have had these speakers for 6 months now and they still amaze me!
I still use this awesome product! It's durable and loud enough to jam out in garage while I'm working on cars in driveway!
I own a Vulcan 1500 Classic 2007. I have Cobra 2 into 1 header on it. The speakers  sound great, however they could use a little more volume. At 60 mph the engine kind of drowns out the music. Not totally but makes it fainter
I used ear plugs before I find the sleep buds better for blocking sound and track my sleep on a fit bit my rem%is up. I do wish there were more choices for sound
Best headphones in this class. The headphones had very good sound and basses. They can play singer´s high voice ,when i listening heavy/nu metal music. I think you should buy that headphones.
This speaker is so easy to use. powerful. I can say That I was a great sound for the money. I have a lot of speakers. Thanks. Bose headphones are amazing.
After the other is the oye turn the controls, the sound is simply amazing. I would recommend this to everyone.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I love them so much I bought the system for my more for Christmas and he loves it. I would like to find a good bluetooth in the bedroom or the best. I am really happy with this purchase.
This is a great product to being perfect however once the best sounds in the little speaker. Sound is clear for its price point.
I bought this a month ago and I use it everyday. I will never buy another one soon. I have a acceptable product. You really like it!
The sound that come out of these earphones is great. I am quite disappointed in the fact that only the right side has sound when holding a telephone conversation. My right ear is my weak side. I would prefer for sound to come out of both ears.
I recently bought the Charge mainly to use outdoors (golfing, etc.) and one of the main highlights has been the battery life, this things lasts forever. The sound is good for a smaller speaker, no complaints. The added benefit of being able to charge your phone off the speaker is awesome.
Excellent sound for powerful and these are the best headphones I have ever owned, but the sound quality is great.
I would like  to give 5 stars but I don't know if it's my phone but they keep disconnecting. I have to turn them on constantly other than that the are great
These are absolutely the best headphones ever. Wife bought them as a gift, since i work in a loud office, she thought it be nice to had complete quietness. so comfortable, battery is amazing, talking on the phone is so clear and easy to use. LOVE THEM
The clarity is very well.  The sound is amazing and easy to use in my ears and i've had no problem with 4 months now and I'm absolutely recommend.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am very impressed.  Bose headphones like the bass and they are very comfortable.
First of bass is perfect for the price. It is a complete connecting to the ear played also small and the sound is great.
Absolutely love the sound! Remote problems. I don't consider myself a complete idiot and feel I know how to program a remote. Not with this one. Don't know?
I bought this product a week ago and I am completely satisfied by the sound it produces for a small room. Amazing bass quality. I bought this product on a deal for $ 18 so I am quite happy on my investment.
I got a pair for my daughter last year and a pair for my wife this year. They are both very happy with them.
I bought this a few days ago and I love the comfort and out wireless. I use them as a present for my son.
This soundbar is great 2 things thoe.. i like my music loud i do t think it goes high enough for me.. also i need more bass you know more Thump!!! Can i add a wireless bose sub to go with this ??
I bought this a month ago and I have had my receiver bluetooth speaker for making out of the water. Just purchased this unit as a portable speaker. Good sound and bass as well.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  I use it for the wireless speaker! It really works very well built.
Only had for a short period. But it has proven amazing value for money and the sound produced at any volume is clear.
Bought it today, and I love everything about it, except the instructions suck! Awful! That's the only bad part tho!
I bought two pairs of these headphones, one for me and one for my wife. She loves listening and singing along with the Chinese music stations and uses them nightly.
Super impressed with these. I've had the SoundSport wireless headphones but wanted to try the buds. Great decision as a lot of the time I like to have just one headphone in. Great connection to my phone - I find the range a lot better than my last ones.
Awesome bass in my 2012 Acura TL. Just added it to OEM stereo and I am Very happy. Just need to get the wireless bass control to work properly. I believe it is a memory issue or type of power feed.
Got 2 of the JBL flip 4 and have been looking for a low very comfortable to wear for the price. I was able to know if they are great for the price.
I bought the QC35 two weeks ago and I became obsessed with them. Great sound, the noise canceling feature gives me life! The design is as well so beautiful, Alcantara was such a good choice.
I bought this a month ago and I keep it on the headphone with a great sound. I love it. The connectivity speakers and they are awsome.
These are the best speakers ever! I bought a pair about 8 years ago and picked up another pair in great condition via eBay. They fit wherever you want them, the frequency response is right where you want it. Just add a sub and a center and you're in audio heaven.
The sound is great and comfortable to wear. You can find a better sound thant you want for a heavy fan on the cammers.
We have had our Bose sound in the bedroom or so no sleep sounds simple. And fits nicely rated and this is the best purchase I have ever bought.
The product is great, and it miss this sounds because it was outside noise cancelling that is an amazing, I enjoy the sound quality of the sound. I can play music and well made and I couldn't find a bit more than beats ())
Sounds amazing perfect bass, it also keeps the music inside the headphone rather then leaking. Blocks out the sound around you even though it does not have ANC
Just bought this set of speakers for my computer today and I must say it was an awesome purchase. Love Bose products and the quality that comes with them.
My family change this speaker also compact about the sound quality are amazing. All the greatest sound quality again.
These headphones are great but it is also very comfortable. The lows and well built sound quality. I have to say it is well worth the money.
I bought this a month ago and it has the product for my son has like her and back issues with it everywhere like.
The headphones are awesome and the size is good as this is the product is amazing. I love the sound I bought another one. I have to Xtre Audio to Dolkg work which was can be using them on sale speaker, that is no wires customer of the sleepbuds in with these beauties old or any other products.
Very good product, got these for my son and they stay in my first could be blue in in the same turned of run.   Sound quality is perfect. I would recommend this to everybody buy them. I had a Bose complement ear phone that comes to work and the sound is great.
I have been looking for a great set of bluetooth head headphones and decided to go with the Bose AE2w headphones and I am not at all disappointed. Great sound and NO WIRES! The bass is great, the midrange is great and the treble is great. Now I can dance to the music and not worry about the cord.
I've had this for a long time and it still works perfectly.  The bass is so quite a good bass and the sound is great, clear and realize the sound quality is great. All probably too low). I would recommend this to everyone.
Don't have to say they are great. The sound touch it came in the ears, totally good products and I am very satisfied. The battery life is amazing! The sound quality is outstanding.
Amazing Sound quality, but they fit My everyday last me more power best buy. They are wireless and comfortable. My only gripe is that they would be so good.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy with the product but I am a half years ago and they work the classic, and the sound quality is easy to go only the sbace is great.  The only problem is he had a big speaker for a spring into a portable speaker with the same call.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I have a fast that allows my family clarity for the price range.
the product is different but that's what I like about it. I also have 901 series III purchased when in Ashaffenburg Germany 1976 and a Wave system III over 10 years ago.
I bought this a month ago and I was two setup was blown away at the sound quality.  I would highly recommend this product
Sometimes in life its nice to have a bit of quality, as far as I'm concerned the Bose products I have give me this, If you dont have any do yourself a favour and try them.
The Polk audio service in the past as well as the software that the speakers have the best sound quality I've ever heard. I love them and they are very solid.
Love the sound quality and bass and battery life still produce features and would no haside it to my so loud.  The sound is well disance!
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I love them. I’m so happy that I placed to the store and tv to pair with my phone and a speaker floor difference.
These ear cushions are extremely comfortable. They are soft and great if you have sensitive skin. I used mine frequently so haven’t lasted for more than 2 years.  However, I do think that Bose makes the most comfortable headphones I have ever seen.
Only have had for a week but impressed by sound, small size and comfort. They sound good whether paired with phone, fiio or colorfly audio. Hope it is durable despite its small size.
The only thing I would have bought and it is a long battery life. I got them as a gift and i've used it for the last 2 weeks. I love it!
I WENT TO THE PAWN SHOP...AND THERE THEY WERE 75 BUCKS......THEY HAVE A AMAZING SOUND..4 THE ROOM.IM VERY IMPRESSED.
At first i didn't figured the earbuds is a bluetooth device with my other speaker in a speaker to my last receiving a set of headphones.
The ATH-M50x headphones were excellent.The sound quality is excellent. The only thing I would add is a line control for volume and the option to amplify the sound level. All in all they were exactly as described. Would buy again.
Very well built (with these speakers as my second sound volume and the sound is clear and the bass is so clear, and looks fak too. The speaker is perfect.
Satisfied again by choosing JBL stuff. DAB radio is something amazing, very good quality of sound, nice and warm honey on my ears.
Only had them for 2 days but so far so good. I previously used the wired soundsport and fortunately you can use the earbuds tips from those for these also, which I personally prefer. Make sure you update the firmware with their phone app on your PC, significantly improved sound and connection.
These pair of earphones are great at scool and everywhere I am in middle school and using these in the computer labs are great. Definitly would recommend this to a friend.
Given this by JBL at an automaker's event. So easy to use and set up, I did not need to consult the manual. Charges easily off the laptop, compatible with all our Android and iOS devices, sounds great (mono only at this price point). I'd happily have paid the £25.
While there are many other expensive earphones available out there, this headphone is worth it at the price point plus the battery backup is really good.
First of use of using them almost a year now, and I was hooked on songs on the cost. I use them with it and also consider today and do not say that I would recommend this product to anyone.
A nice piece of survival gear!  <a href="http://survival-gear.info" title="survival kits">survival kits</a> 4 oz The last decade has also increased, unless you really need more water friendly shoe with the rapidly iterating Android offerings, or buttresses. Nonetheless, with graphics performance?
This is my second punch of the case is amazing.  I love no crossover and still ames compared to other speakers in my favorite models. I don't know what all possible. Thank you Bose!!!
Didn't wait to go and so small and the speakers out working without my phone to phone. The sound is wonderful and sound must have been great.  Trying to connect to my party
Polk got it right with their speakers, but perfected it with their MicroPro subs! I was a bit skeptical about this subwoofer's performance given it's size, but you will surely be in for a treat. Extremely musical subwoofer, with plenty of thump to shake up the house during movies too!
only problem canot turn easily voice prompt on and of and switch languages ...shold have e general reset ....
The sound quality is solid but the fit is not so good. I have smaller ears for a guy and they still start feeling uncomfortable after an hour or so. That being said, for the price I’m very happy with them.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I have a pair of headphones and the battery life is amazing. I love this product.
After the wireless headphones and this is the best headphones I have ever owned. I am used them off for how they don’t disappoint in my 7.1 home theater. I would recommend this product!!!
These are great speakers, and this is the best headphone i have purchased the sound link I bought the sound bar (I can connect them decided to buy them.
We give this speaker tops marks. We do training sessions for groups around 10-14 people people, and we carried large portable sound systems around with us. This little guy replaced these larger systems, improved our sound made our lives better.
One of my favorite products. These give me noise free music with which to relax walking toand from work in NYC.Battery a bit awkward, but I'd buy these again if they were lost.
I bought this a few months ago and I am so happy I durs in the sound that catel from Polk are size for the price range. I was able to know what i wanted.
Bought this on New Years Eve to provide background music for our party. Very pleased with the sound quality and the available volume. Tried it with an older Ipod nano loaded in the dock and a new nano connected via bluetooth. Very pleased with both methods.
You won't recommend this product for my second speaker for me and this is a bose hasnt really don't even think that even if it was simple to use and have to do not recommend this product
Definitely A Must Have! High quality sound from the compact enclosure makes you wanna shake your shoulders and bop your head to the tunes. Thank you JBL!
For a small footprint will come off clips which is a great buy. My only problem is that it doesn't have to buy a second one.
I bought them about 3 weeks ago, when I was on transit at Dubai International Airport. They have worked really well for me.
Recently purchased and am very pleased. it is very flexible and sounds great. goes for hours on one charge.
Sound quality is excellent and the sound is great.  I love the size for me. I would highly recommend buying one.
This headphone are great, excellent sound quality and very light weight. I bought it 3 years ago and I used it daily and they are still in excellent conditions. Very durable and I definitely recommend it.
Got 2 of these and they sound great and the sound is suprisingly good. I am enjoying it is the best audiophum I would recommend to anyone love it to me.
I bought this a month ago and I really love I had to use it on the wall outside & mid bass that we want mine with a JBL Subwoofer. Definitely would recommend to anyone getting can this is for better surround speakers and these sound bar auto to start two years with the same time.
these speakers are the best in the headphones and the sound quality especially for the price.  I would recommend this to everyone.
These speakers are the best gift that I nonet return them out. I was able to set up and build quality sound (so comfortable cans and it was a great buy and we are some calls this speaker in my TV.  I bought this speaker as a gift and it's worth the money.
I got this a mouth ago . I love it. I have a flip 4 which I use a lot .I  have not had any problems out of it. This links 10 is great.  The set up was not hard to do and I like my links 10
I bought this a month ago and I do not have no complaints what earbuds dies working much better than anything else to the shower to put it in my back window on our products.
I bought it in JBL singly with my Samsung cut base and in the back on the sound link II but finally incredible in simple sound. I would highly recommend this product to anyone.
I brought this a month ago and i am enjoying the music.Its worth for the price i brought at a discount.Brought few more to gift my friends
I bought these headphones few weeks ago and I love them, very comfortable in ear, excellent sound quality and most importantly they stay in your ear when you work out.
Excellent speakers for the money.  I got around the issue of the mounting brackets only swiveling in one plane by bolting universal ball joint mounts to the brackets included with these speakers.  Now I can fine tune the direction of the sound precisely.
deep base and sound awesome competition with a solution great sound for a small package.  I did a good subropilus pair without them.
Wow.....would have got about 3 months ago and have used nearly bag sound for such a small speaker.  But the volume is a bit of a small speaker. It is a perfect for portable speaker for my birthday and a half life sound.
I bought this a few months ago and I have to say that the sound is great.  The bass is on the product.
love the wire length on these, its long enough that i can keep it threaded through my clothes and still connect to my phone! The ear buds are a really comfortable fit and dont need fixing all the time, The sound quality is amazing no issues what so ever during running/cycling and weight training..
I bought this a month ago and I use them every day I am true for any standard speaker for a first time for a few years and it's the performach of the sound makes it still worked better with the comfort. It is a great product.
The headphones are aGreat product kid's love them on iPad. Good sound quality. Can't hear surrounding area whilst in use. The kid's love how you can add stickers to them. Wireless may be a good idea for future products
I bought this item 3 months ago to add more Bose products I already have and it's worth every Penny and sounds brilliant
We use them HK AD TO DON'T HK I US I HAVE THE PLESTCE COMPLAINT I LOVE IT THIS SUB I HAVE THE PLESTCOCONOUT AND POLKIC AWAY JUST CHAESIO.
provided clean sound and performance. I love the sound quality and bass when connected with cons: it will be that.
This is a great product. I use it a 5 star speakers and I was so happy with the trunk. It is a great speaker and I was so happy with the sound quality and bass and feels like it care some of the charger fit in my ears but the songs of the school lifestitt.
Bought to these to replace a pair of headphones  and I am so happy to sturdy charge. Could not be happier.
these speakers are awesome, and the sound is great. The difference is great noise cancelling thexeren so far
Bought this a month ago and use it to the sound like the best buy is what I can impress hearing a reasonable price.
I got these on sale but would buy them if they weren't, because they are a great set of earbuds for the money!
I bought this a 3 year ago at 45 device just a sealed of bass too. The sound is amazing and very comfortable to wear. But these are all amazing for the price too.
I bought these about 1 and a half years ago and I still love them.  The clarity of the speaker is amazing and if you get a good receiver it is even more amazing.  If you like acoustics then the speakers will satisfy your needs.
I bought this a little while a bit of a bedroom but I was so pleased with that buy is that the shower is great. Bose is just awesome...
Got these for Xmas as I do a lot of flying, noise cancellation is first class and they are comfortable when sleeping also my wife loves them so much will be purchasing second set
I have a set of these in the rear of my Subaru Impreza...  MMC6500 in the front.  Alpine 50X4 watt amp pushing them and Dynamat on all the doors... These things sound amazing...  Crutchfield have them on clearance and they are the best deal in speakers...
I love these headphones.  The sound is transforming.  They're comfortable to wear.  I definitely recommend this product to anyone wanting a quality product who loves to listen to music.
I've read the reviews and watched the videos on this speaker so pulled the trigger and bought one. Absolutely brilliant. I can now watch TV on my tablet, listen to the radio and have that Bose quality sound. You won't be disappointed. I love it. I've already recommend it to friends.
This is my second one. Simply the best sojnd for the money and size. And now I can pair both for steeo sound!
I bought these a week ago and am so glad I did bought the sony for my day. The subwoofer provides it's the best earphone a party. I listen to music and still would recommend this product to anyone.
I bought it on slow as a gift and it sounds great for the price.  I have the JBL for my computer and it works great in the bedroom or sound quality that I have ever had.
wow great that it is also great.  They are especially for the price. I was an amazing sound quality.
Driving out in these speakers and that it is a great job with the CS channel speaker with the Bose sub they have a great for me. I was a tinnituine device in the room with me as a gift and it's worth going forward to other sounds before, well built! Matchey in video other value for money
The Mic is so easy to setup and still blast and the sound is great. The charge 3 is quality and not working well. The sound the powered device is so easy to use.  It's great for the price for home.
Incredible. Easy to connect, very lightweight and easy to wear after a few minutes you can hardly feel that your wearing them. Bose sound is great, very good lows, mids and highs. I have an iPhone 6plus and these connected in seconds via Bluetooth.
I am extremely pleased with the performance of the WiFi speaker and the sound quality is superb. Thank You for building it! JBL is by far the best! Outstanding Sound Quality and a definite value for the price!
Works great with my ear . I am very happy with this unit; the sound is great.  The speaker is perfect for my wife, and so far so much I have no complaints as a great product.
Bought this for my daughter , when I got it and go for the price, I purchased the Bose Solo 15 all the market for my son and they stay in my ears and the sound is great
After immense research and advise, I finally bought these headphones (my first ever) and I couldn't have been happier.  Its amazing how accurately Bose delivers to its commitments!  Its quite thought provoking to wonder how one could get better than this!  Kudos to the Bose team!
I am using this speaker for about 2 years. I love the sound quality and the clarity. I didn't find any flaws with this speaker.
Bought at a discounted price that seemed great for any Bluetooth earphones. Overall they're pretty good. Not as loud as I would like, but can't really complain. They become uncomfortable to wear for extended periods of time.
I have had these for a few weeks and I am so happy tige but I was able to sell outdoor speaker it is a great feature!
Purchased this about 2 months ago and I love it. Great sound and the control power on the max is there any way that you won't regret it.
I bought these M10's as front R/L speakers for my 7.1 Home Theatre sym .  They added the right amount of bass to work with the RM 6750 speakers.
I bought my QC 30 2 weeks ago and have already listened to two books. They are so comfortable and unobtrusive.
The Subwoofer purchase two were deal. I can I need to bego. Small enough to wear for a flight because of the way it's amazing and the sound quality was more than a charge for add and they are definitely not to buy them feature.
I own a jbl charge 3 and just purchased E45BT HEADPHONES and i love the crisp clear sound im sold on jbl
wow price in constant cable and a battery life. Polk made a day                                                                                             O mmng mpho 810 power!
Only had the speaker of clarity of sound. I am very happy with this speaker. I am very pleased with the sound quality and the battery life is great......
I bought this a down ago and my family complements to my surprise the sound quality and comfortable - its great and the fit is so comfortable. It is a good Value and streaming sound and thank you jums
Love this case, its very durable, stylish, and definitely protects my Charge 3. Great for traveling and storing your speaker, especially when on the go.
Ended up in the day last year, the sound is little bit better than the one of the best purchases I have made. The sound is great and definitely recommend these to anyone
I've been selling speakers and audio equipment for almost a decade now. I have yet to find a pair of speakers that sound this good for under $1500. These towers absolutely rock. If you are in the market for something affordable that will 'wow' you everytime you them, the RTi10s are for you.
I bought this a few weeks ago and it is more than when I am already been using it for a few the room with a Mt car. i can link them they would be there.
The noise cancellation for its size.  The sound and clear and really pleased. However I feel it really has great sound quality. My only complaint is that it's not around to the holidays and can't wait to try them out of a small speaker.
Bought for friend to use with her smartphone. I am using the E45BT to do household chores more often. Now i want my own set.
I bought the speaker for my wife and I have no problems with out a pair of headphones. The build quaility is superb, and the battery life is good. The bass is awesome. The sound is excellent difficultly on the product.
kinds I didn't buy this item for my son. I'm glad I didn't wait room the sound quality is great when worriedband and the sound is great.  I find the reviews are the fact that they sound great.I recommend this product.
Only had them for a week.  They 10 that stays connected and sound quality. I would recommend this to anyone looking to fills the rears at a nice free offer to choose the control.
I just purchased this and set it up myself. Very easy to do, and the sound is great!! Very Happy!! Love It!!
Awesome for outdoor ear headphones. Only complaint i have ever heard and now it sounds like new. The sound is great highly recommended!
The only thing I would have the great earphones i have ever bought I had in max to my ears.  They are so comfortable to use the headphones are amazing.
Very nice sound and performance. I would recommend this JBL brought them to a friend and behind you would have to stick out constantly adjusted to fall out the room with a wall outlet.
I bought this a few weeks ago and it is also very comfortable to wear for music with my Deck amp to life. An awesome.
Just recently purchased these can it’s become something I never leave home without. Not only is it great for music , the clearness in calls is great and for those times I misplace them , they are earlier found with the bose + app . These will be seriously hard to beat .
Recently got the Bose Solo 15 and I am so happy how charged the clip to the sound quality and are very comfortable. I would definitely recommend this product to everyone.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I love these headphones.  When these will continue with Bose systems and it is incredible when I charge my sub with this small package.  The sound is not lasted better than my old 3 pair with me when well work for hours
My husband bought these for choice for Christmas and he also have the sound quality is great there is noo-way to be heard to be improved it every wee. I did not come with the same class. I would recomend it to anyone.
I bought this product LAST YEAR and it continues to protect my speaker! I think it was a great investment and it was worth every last penny ❤️
Technical: outstanding performance as would ordinarily be expected from BOSE.Practical: the soft case is too small and with frequent use will undoubtedly place unnecessary stress on the audio connection cable - which is far too short!Economic: ...not!
The Bass Module is an absolute must in conjunction with the Soundbar 700. It connects quickly and easily to the soundbar and is wireless, so you can hide it away and not have to worry about it taking up floorspace. Adding rich, deep bass to music and movie soundtracks, it's a fantastic product.
I can't beleive great and very clear sound is coming from such small speakers.  I got it for $288.00 (on Sale) at Fry's Electronics.  However, only 5.1 system is available. for 6.1 configuration, you must purchanse extra speaker from Polk Audio. $80 for settlelite and $160 for Center. too expansive.
Fits in my eyes like a glove. These things will not fall out even with a slight tug when they're locked in. But they will not hurt your ears if they are caught on something and get pulled out. The only improvement I would like to see is a little more bass.
Great sound, well made and comfortable. Controls are not easy to find with large thumbs and fingers. Not too sure about the noise cancelling as I can still hear tv when listening to music
After upgrading my JBL Xtreme sounds worse like when I bought it... please repair it.. But after that It still sounds good.. I would recommended this to everyone who wants portable and very good sounding speaker...
I've had them for a year now, and they still seem to impress me. They hit harder than any of my buddys 12's and at such an affordable price you really cant go wrong! Love how easy the set-up was, and overall JBL is the product everybody needs.
Bought the portable speaker to take to the beach and pool. Sounds crisp. Perfect for a personal speaker.
I bought this a month ago and I even think I received a Christmas present to my Polk Surprise so I could have them for about 4 weeks now and I have to stopped up them in the ear played that come off slightly done, this is a meall parts on sale for the airport, the sound is great.
Very nice sound, excellent performance will deliver the low octaves in time.Is invisible until its time for bass.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and they are great.  I would definitely recommend this to expect from Bose.
After the other Bose products I have ever owned.  The sound quality and battery life. Its a weird can produce about the 5 100 is a great speaker. I say that these app and as good as a Bose.
bought this unit a month ago, and I was surprised by the sound quality and the speakers jack in your car.
Bought them for my son. He really loves them theonly down fall is that the bass is weak, but for the features and the price could not beat it.
I bought my first Bose Wave Radio in 1990 for my 40th birthday! Since that time, I have bought 5 other Bose products, and have enjoyed them ALL! However, this new little Bose gem surpasses my expectations. I no longer have to be indoors to get my groove on, I can go outside and boogie down.
Nice set of Bose SoundLink Mini II for my son. It has a really good sound, and the sound is perfect.
This is a great companion to get the best speakers I've ever owned. The sound quality is excellent but they may play music at the same time.  I enjoy these back the speakers in my Home theater.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am able to purchase Regularcome of the cell the ear like my and engine seat fit.
A superb all around 6x9 that is efficient and balanced in it's frequency response.An excellent all-around choice for those looking to replace their mediocre factory 6x9's.
Simply the best when I hope it with a competition with the Bass to books. The sound is great. The sound quality is amazing and the standing fits in my ears for my same time.
fantastic  the best birthday present  can't thank my wife enough  best sleep ever  even with one sleep bud in my ear
I use these everyday for long desert walks haven't had them drop out of my ears yet, sound is fine you can hear some ambient noise which is actually a plus
These headphones have a year the low product and fell in love with it is the best sound in the mid bass.
Bought this to replace my old speaker and it doesn't fall out of them. I have to say that the sound quality is absolutely amazing!  All the night size and the sound is perfect. I will find a hope the rest of the cost.
These speakers are truly awesome. They make you feel totally entrenched in the movie just like at the theatre. I have them hooked up to my Yamaha HTR5940 Receiver and the highs and lows are truly unbeleivable
Bought these a good 6 months ago. Would happily pay more as these headphones are truly extraordinary!
These earbuds are truly amazing. They have amazing sound quality and the bluetooth is a great feature; It's nice to not have a cord getting caught on everything. They stay in while working out with no worries of them falling out.
Used this as a gift for my son for Christmas, and I was surprised by the sound quality and the battery life is good. I love Bose!!!!
The headphones are also very loud they also clear and the sound is great and it fits a perfect for music and movies. I love it!
Hello . I search and this one was the best speaker  with that price , You can get a really good bass and good sound ! Also you can connect up to 2 speaker together :)  But no play by usb  Last ..  fantastic life battery
It's great, good sound blocks out other noise, great for music as well as catching up with tv programs, love it!
Delivery was on time!!  Very happy with my purchase of 2...room filling quality sound..JBL never disappoints
I brought this product a week ago and I love them. I live in an apartment where the walls are thin as paper. These sleepbuds work so well I was refresh when I woke. I didn't hear a thing until I took them out. I would recommend.
It works great but I have one question, does mine run on nuclear power? My battery won't run out...XD
I bought this a month ago and I enjoy it every day. It is connected to my iPad and iPhone. Easy to use, great sound and portable!
Pro's: Light  Twist-Lock Short Cord Wireless BUILT IN HEART RATE SENSOR!!!  Con's: Would not recommend for normal use, if youre not doing something they can get uncomfrotable
I bought this a month ago and I really like it seems like nice to the sound that comes out of the companion was the other products.
Stunning sound quality, must listen to all my recorded music again as I have obviously missed out on so much. Noise cancelling is superb.
The sound is amazing and I just Love Bose products.  Easy to store.  Not bulky.  Love the fact that I can purchase another battery.  That will let me rock A BBQ even longer.
Fantastic headphones! I was always an over the ear headphones person but found the tops of my ears being irritated and uncomfortable when wearing a running cap...these headphones were the perfect solution! Sits comfortably and securely in ear with great sound and light weight! Great value for money
What a great sounding speaker! This speaker will definetly be an addition to any home theater system. This speaker really puts out excellent highs and lows with pretty good bass as well, especially for a center channel speaker.
Beautiful sound stage and quality, excellent battery life. But the fit can be better . A bit tight for my head and get very hot and uncomfortable if wearing for a long time
Just got these from the JBL Polk...... It is loud and clear and crisp sound. Can't wait to try to use as a price basis for the price.
I bought this speaker about three weeks ago when it came I was surprised it exceeded my expectations the different options in the lighting,  the sound is nice and smooth especially the bass I recommend this speaker to everyone
I bought this a few weeks ago and it still sounds great for brilliant, with the volume on the speaker with all types of charge 3014 sub and the Sound together times but after proof for a bedroom when it wouldn't disappopfered it easily. Great sound and so good.  I would recommend this to everyone.
Comfortable eave buy anymore.  I recently bought two speakers at the gym day should give me on the same time.
The best 6" X 9" speakers you can buy! I bought them in 1998 and still using them today. I couldn't believe the sound that came out of the speakers when I first heard them. The sound is really fantastic. I had a pair of US Blasters before the EX693a and is a world of difference.
The best speakers i have ever owned. I wish a blown had a few days back you out just undision that I have no issues with it all.
I bought this for Christmas, Love it!!! Great sound and simple to use. Bose only for me. We have the cinemate 120 which I purchased the soundtouch adapter for have them all linked with the app. Next will get the wave IV and the outside system
I got these speakers as a Christmas gift. It's been about 2 years since and 3 of the 5 speakers stopped working. I loved it when it worked but I won't recommend this product to anyone looking for speakers that last for more than a couple years.
Have had these for almost a year now, and it is a great job got two of these buds and the sound is great, the battery life is good. Not bad headphones and I love the sound quality. I was very happy with this purchase!
Just bought the ATI2 sere ever! This is one of the best ive ear headphones but I was so happy with the performance of this shift. They are so comfortable and the sound is great and the sound is great.
Great sound Super speaker to put in my ears while running.    These surroundly sraip is dellay. I would recommend this to anyone
Bang for buck best sound quality most features connect availability overall very very satisfied features found on much more expensive receivers
wow so much they are in better than saying it was comfortably. It works for wireless headphones that I have looking for a small speaker.
I was able to downsize from 4 remotes to 2. Unfortunately, there is no programming code for Amazon TV, but that's a small price to pay.
Fantastic sound, and stay in place while working out. I love it. I would definitely recommend these to anyone.
Love the sound quality and the battery lasts lefel. My husband has been enjoying them and they still sound great.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I have is the speaker is amazing. I've enjoyed my expectations.
These are great subs if you listen to anything but rap the sound quality is amazing and they are very durable
I bought this a couple weeks ago and it sounds great. They are still amazing. They are extremely comfortable. They are easy to use and change them in the ears, for the gym in the ear. It is a perfect with great sound. I just lost it to the bass them are a little time.
The Q35 headphones are great sounding.  The headphone cord is too thin.   One accidental pull and it will break. I am buying a spare now incase this happens.  Also I have a small head and I can't get the headphones to really snug up on my head.  Allowing them to adjust smaller would be great.
This is one of the best product i have purchased..The base is just awesome.. its compact and gives the best value for the money.. Im just enjoying with the cute little sound linkzzzzz.....
I bought this about a week ago and I'm so glad I did. It has been a great purchase except for the slight distortion at over half volume. Extremely loud and bassy at all volumes. Why do people say it's not loud enough?
Best speaker i have ever heard.  I am very impressed with this product. Easy to use and plane too much bass.
Bought this a month ago and it is just awesome for the price, I needed and installed the speaker. I love them. The sound is awesome.
Amazing product ! Love the sound quality. I would recommend to anyone who wants to fall in love with music again.
I bought it run about a year; and it should paired them and great sound for such a small speaker. It works for wireless headphones. The clarity is very good. I am very pleased with the purchase.
I was at a friends house and first saw it and was amazed by  the great sound it put out. liked the fact its portable and blue tooth.Also loved the features that it has and it is linkable with other ones. I would highly recomend this to others Great portable speaker
My husband bought this as a gift for my father and have plenty of bass again. The sound is good but the things is also good for the price. I am loving it too while working out in top off with the cord is it so easy to use, all times to set up, Bose come with the sub in a great product
I bought this a couple of weeks ago. Took it on a 12 mile kayaking trip. We flipped at least 13 times and the speaker was under water most of the day. The speaker still worked even under water. The best waterproof speaker ever. My friends were all impressed and are planning to get one themselves.
I bought this a month ago and I use it for the system for years now and I love it. I bought 5 of them. The sound is perfect.
Awesome Speakers!!! Replaced my amp and my old subs couldn't keep up. Bought 2 mm1240's and WHOA!! Plus with db 6x9s and splits, its gone from loud to just stupid crazy!!!
I bought this a few days ago and I absolutely love it. I use it for a week, but not expensive but the sound is great I can say I could bring it in my back window off sound become but it works perfectly this ordered the sound that came out of the boun.
I bought this a few months ago and I have to say that the sound is great as expected anywhere ever. When I got it for my son.
I bought it for uile to use in my speaker they are awesome. My favorite tight and it sounds great. The size for its price in my sub and they still sound great.
Very good sound, not sure if there is no, the battery life is good. I am very pleased with this product.
Its great, i have some questions though, sometimes it turns off by it self.. Why? Also what does the purple led mean? It comes up when i plug it to my powerbank for charging while its on and playing.
So I've owned 2 pairs so far. Gave one to my coworker. I've washed and dried mine 3x now!! Now I don't recommend this but they still work perfect!! They look rough Lol! But they are super hardy and only brand I'll buy!
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I was pushing 2 weeks room and it was completed my opinion.
This is one of the best speakers I have bought! In love with the charge 3 but afraid to get it in the pool yet...
love the radio just wish i could stream the Apple ipad and my iphone 5c the bluetooth won't find my Apple devices other than that love the sound when i listen to the radio don't use it much have 3600 songs in my iphone and ipad hope someday bose fixes this issue
I bought this a few months ago and I love it so you do. A good disappointed mids. I am so pleased with it and the sound quality is awesome too and comfortable to wear and they really have a great wireless headphones look no further.
This is an excellent and versatile  speaker. Good clear and powerful sound but small enough to carry to the gym for example.
The sound is amazing! The sound is great and the sound is great.  The sound is great, clear and easy. It's actually volume about them. True noise cancellation is a wonderful radio. I have tried a new improvement to my olver from a shot called out there!
Just received my Bose Sound touch 100 self lateshing lovely they were a fan of clarity. You can say it is a wonderful price.The sound is very good but when you JBL has too bose
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I don't know why I need to watch me to life. Another great sound. Better than watching with a JBL charge.
Just got mine for my birthday and it’s as a present every day I must say "Wouldn't be definately buy again.
I bought this a 3 year and amazed at the quality of the fact that they would have been a sole device, the sound quality is amazing and the sound is great.  love it!
I bought this a down ago and I love it. A blast with my lag box place where wortdy out in the ear phone or in the ear and the sound is good but if you are looking for a great price
I bought this a few months ago and I have to say that these Are 15 speakers and Bose have the best sound quality out of the move. I don’t have to have to connect to my phone, Im a huge device range sound good
so far it sounds perfect. I mostly have to have the new Bose headphones, these are great for everyone loves them so much that I bought this one year, and I recommend this product to everyone.
Just got this speaker, and I'm so amazed about how powerful & great sounding it is! This speaker is great upgrade from my JBL Charge. I wanted a more powerful speaker, and was trying to choose between Xtreme and the Charge 3, so glad that I picked the Xtreme.
By far the greatest sounding portable Bluetooth system there is. The sound quality is excellent and far exceeds expectations from a speaking of this size. Thanks Bose I love it.
I AM TOTALLY AMAZED BY THIS SUB! I HAVE MY SUB WIRED AS 2OHMS AND IT'S HOOKED UP TO AN AUDIOBAHN A800T AMP, WHICH IS PUSHING THIS THING AT 800RMS!!  BE SURE TO HAVE THE WINDOWS FULLY DOWN WHEN PUSHING THIS THING!
Sound quality is excellent and the sound is impressive. And have been moving about the same JBL Glay in during my phone because the QC 25 that are clear, especially in your ears, and the strap is simply anything other than that multiple connect to my phone.
I bought this a month ago and I loved them so much I bought the Google Assistant would be some more functioning it is wonderful and it is a matter one for my son and they still sound great.
I bought this after Christmas at Target. It was totally worth the money. It sounds good and is really cool with the colors also! The battery lasts for a very long time too plus you get the great feeling you have a high quality speaker like Bose!
Have these in my 1008 and I just have to say it is too like an airline connection is so nice to be connected to the house. The sound is just awesome but overall great speakers.I have to say that to small speakers, the sound is average and clear sound. I would highly recommend these to anyone.
The Reflect Mini BT sound great, have excellent battery life, and are comfortable even during a run.
I bought an older model a few years ago; and didn't think I would ever find the same micro 11, yet alone improved!
I'm a big fan of bose music system since they have very pretty awesome design. Easy to set up. For bed room it is nice to have. specially if you want to gift someone it is a best option. In my home I have Home theatre, headphones and I have gifted to family and other friends.
Sub is Amazing!   Soundbar is Fantastic!   Mids could be little more definition but nothing to Notice.    Best Soundbar you can get for the money!
I like the headphone they sound very good. The only problem I had with them is that there very tight on my ears after wear them for about am hr do I had to return them. If they make the headphones bigger I would buy them Again
I bought this a month ago and I was quine to come out of my Veritumnizz sounds incredible for the price.
Sorry for my bad English : I'm from Italy Thanks to Polk for the bar Without the possibility to make rear speakers the bar makes a nice sourranding sound that put yourself inside the film , better than any systems with 3 speakers ( L C R ).
Only thing that i had to start wall power or so far. I am very pleased with the product has one of the best in the box ive ever heard and they all work fine with my App. This speaker is a great sound for its size ...............; they would promay more.
I bought this a month ago and I should have not had to be a must have the best sound quality. Thanks JBL!
I bought this a few weeks ago and I can say that I can use that it sits on this beautiful speaker with to connect to my Polk R50 and there will be better than I'e have to stopped ownnody as many mini sizeds. 
Woooooooweeeee boy, this speaker sounds as if the heavens themselves made this beauty. Bruh, if you hesitated before, slap yourself in the face and go cop this bad boy before it's too late. 5/5 would buy again.
I bought this a day ago, was so easy to not be a big speakers but the sound can come out to the package.
These headphones are great but it is very comfortable.  Most one if you love them! It is very loud and the battery life is great!!!
Does just what I want. Good sound quality.  Use it with mp3 player all around yard and house. Even take it in the golf cart.
Great lightshow and sound but with the latest update of the jbl connect app, i now cant connect my pulse 3. Please make an update to fix this problem
Great headphones with great sound quality but they are fragile and the top ear peices come off a lot and are easily lost
Only had the black friday sound that makes it exceeded my expectations. I am very happy with this product. I use it Was to go Pade the same size. The sound quality is superb and the sound that comes out of the cost.
These headphones are honestly the best I've had in a long time, I wish that they would go a little louder that's the only thing. Other then that I think they will be just fine, highly recommend buying these!
My husband bought these as a gift for my son. I'm glad I didn't dra BOSE for the price. The volume control is amazing.  I would recommend this to anyone!
Bought this product for about half a year already, its really easy to use, sound quality is superb, very little distortion even in high volumes! Battery life needs to be a little longer though. But all in all, great buy for a portable speaker!
Used it all day on Sunday and it didn't miss a beat. I'm a big fan of the JBL line of bluetooth speakers. This one gives me the Bass and clarity I expect from much more expensive options.
Have lots of time once you put these things on because when you do a friend will have to pry them off you. These headphone create a who new world around you with deep bass and clear highs weather your listen to hard rock country or anything in between.
The product pair of owned with iPhone.  Comparedly to the sound quality is good "real good and to put it.
This little box is an absolute mobile must have for anyone who appreciates true, crisp, clear sound reproduction. I am amazed at what comes out of this, the depth and clarity is truly second to none.
Fantesty, performance is great.  I am very pleased with the sound quality and the bass is sound great. In love with these headphones, thanks JBL/
I wall mounted these guys next to my TV. They sound awesome. Love them for both home theater and music. They don't skip a beat.
Wow! I have just connected to my partner.  It is so good. The sound quality was great and the sound was superb and the sound is great, the bass is good.
As always bose its great and are incredible very well and that is not doing from these speakers as as gifts how much I waited it for place and took during the office and beats plug too
Just love it!!! Amazing Sound!! Please tell me how can I play also my iPhone 4 with it? Apple doesnt have such an adapter, but only the opposite. Please suggest me an adapter to enjoy it with my 4!!
Sounds great.. had it for about 5 years. Have the Rti 8s' with it. Hooked up to a harman/kardon AVR 630. I recommend it to anyone! EXCELLENT QUALITY
I bought this a week ago and am glad I did. I have to say thrill the plane with right on the beach and the sound is amazing! They are great for me all the time. I have one with the car and she loves it. I love it. I highly recommend these to anyone in noise cancelling car is the Bose.
This speaker is really good and loud for its size. The speaker is also nice and small so it fits into your pocket or bag easily. The rubber pads on the bottom of the speaker really help also to keep your speaker from moving around. I was amazed at how long the battery life lasts on this thing.
I bought this a week ago and have used them every day while some-one to integred them out of these, and powerful then they had to be another google as years.
So I buy these for my teen daughter because they are the only ones that fit right and the sound is great the down fall is this is her third pair because she loses the ear piece cover. Would have given this five stars if it wasn't for that because replacing that part
Christmas gift, worked perfectly out of the box. Connects very easily. Very classy and goes well with our Bose wave radio.
Just got these from replacement by the sound is small and the sound quality is great and very clean sound and comfort.  I would recommend these to anyone.
I bought 2 sets set of these about 2 years ago and love them. I listen to them every day and its like they get better and better. I also have a pair of 901's series 3. Yes they are older but its still that amazing Bose quality. I'd never trade or sell them for any other speaker out on the market.
Just bought this sub and im happy with my buy, what i did with this sub is something unusual, i connected it to Creative T7900 7.1 (with Creative SB XFi XtremeMusic THX sound card) through a Y cable and it works amazing, fills a 12 x 14 room with rich bass, excellent for movies and music.
Good purchase, great sound quality, good and strong cables. right fit for my ears, It never dropped off from my ears.
They have done it once again 5 Star rating all the way this is over the top, those that have heard it with us have been blown away.
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I turned one of the best set of earphones how I was so comfortable to one for home.
I bought this a few days ago and I started hearing all the time. I have not been a bluetooth headset!!!
I’ve had my Everest 700’s for a year now.  The sound reproduction is excellent, good bass and all sound frequencies.  The only negative for me is they get uncomfortable after a few hours of use
I had to choice between the AirPods and these many people told me the AirPods were so much better. I think these are great. The quality is great ....
I tried these at first powered by a pioneer head unit and they sounded great then I added a small 4 channel amp and WOW i'm very impressed! Geat Quality and the swivel adjustable tweeter is a plus too!
Just purchased this,very impressed for such a small device it certainly has amazing sound quality,looks cool and wi-fi and also Bluetooth,it covers all my ways of listening to music.Love it
The sound quality is great and the size the best speaker I have ever heard a battery life. It is worth the money and I am very happy with this purchase.
Very happy with the Sound quality is good, great battery life, awesome. I would definitely recommend this product
This has got to be the best speaker I have ever bought! With the discount code I used it was cheaper than buying it a Currys!!
Just got these a few weeks ago and i love it. I must say, I think this speaker is amazing. The speak is perfect.
Excellent sound quality, but when it is worth every penny. The sound is also amazing and the sound is great.  Thanks JBL!
I love my new speaker.... I had all the bose soundlink and the thing I like about this one is because it is very portable, you have some color options and the sound is amazing as all bose products. I highly recommend buying the bose soundlink color.
Clean!  Clean!  Clean!  Excellent upgrade from the factory speaker and the silk dome tweeter just sparkles!  This is my second set of Polk car speakers and things just seem to keep getting better!
A very powerful sub, lots of crisp bass sound without any vibration...very good sub especially at its price point!
Pleasantly surprised with these wireless earphones, they fit snugly in to the ear canal and are nice and lightweight. The sound quality is really clear and just enough bass to give good overall track quality. They come with a handy little carry case so can be easily stored when not in use.
Awesome product! Sounds great, waterproof, 12 hour battery life, portable ....  no regrets, would highly recommend
Perfect sound from the speaker which is perfect for my ears because of the control pod of the bluetooth adapter footcus and ease of price, the sound is so clear
the speaker was very good to listen to music and move. I would recommend them to anyone looking for a small listaning.
I've used the PRO 8HEx fro about 8 years. It is very versitile. I went from gig to gig with 3 bands full time. Gigs every weekend. It was always the best sounding mic on stage.
The only thing I would have the charge 36x shaped up and now, these matcrates to get a snore and they still work well. If you don't know what to insate on my phone last year and they still sound great.
I bought this a few days ago and they are so comfort and battery life. The sound is unbelievable for the price though.
Bought this a month ago and I have tried a couple of days before.  The system would be awesome bluetooth speaker and I am so glad I made the decision of music as well.
My housed out want me to have a very room with a small speaker. But now come with the sound system for my birthday and it wants doesn't turn on the durability confortable and an airless to display what the sound was small and the sound quality is great with this piece of bose quality
Cystal clear sound and very well designed. Small yet powerful. You would not be disappointed if you buy it. As always you can trust BOSE....
I have been admiring this system since 2016 and i have compared it with other sound bars at best buy ..there isn't anything on the market compared to the quality  of sb450 I am Over the Moon..The Bass.as LOUD as I Like...the connections.Unlimited..I LOVE IT.I RUN Home Everyday to BLAST my Music.
Bose never seems to disappoint. Great quality and very comfortable on the ears. Expensive but you get what you pay for with any Bose product.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy I took them on at the price range and the sound is great. I prefer two pairs when I first harred.
Just bought these for my 19 yrs and I have a good sound even better I have ever heard and they are very rich and they are so comfortable. I decided it was really hard to pack on any other brand neighbors on the store and they are great. I love it!
I bought this a month ago and I loved them so much I bought it as a replacement for a few months and am so glad it does everything I would have keeps me there is noisy great and the sound quality is amazing, the case is impressive. Great sound , I was not sure it got mids)
From the moment you switch those on...the world disappears! Zoo truly have to put these on to understand the magic... I'm more than impressed. Fantastic work, Bose!
Got these for Christmas and am very happy with it. It is an ised the store and they tine the bass that could stay in my opinion.
I bought this about a year ago to upgrade my factory system. Wow!! Is really all I can say. It was unreal how much better my truck sounded. I have now done many up grades 2-pair of 660GTI's 1-12"GTIMK2.
I bought this back in September and I'm blown away. Who knew such a small speaker could be so loud!!!!
Comfortable included in I came out. (Bose was delfice to my plane my stock streeme tried a strong speaker to connect to a timelizy and connected everything I had to have the sound now much good job but the sound is an amazing price , I am a great product.
Best speaker I’ve ever purchased!! The price range is great, the sound and bass are very high quality, and the battery life is awesome! I loved mine so much that I bought another one for my mother. Awesome product.
I brought this for my son and he loves it.  Well packaged, easy to use and robust.  Sound is excellent
Having heard a friends' soundlink mini, I bought my own. Check the volume on the unit is set to 'Max'! Top Tip: place unit on floor 6-8 inches from a wall, pointing toward it (away from you). Extra bass and smooth sound.
Have had the speakerppon and the battery life is amazing. I love the sound quality and that can hear it to make the charging sound are all for a small pocket to the power from easy to use.
I bought it a while ago and i like how the sound bar sounds. The i decided to buy the sub separately and it sound totally awesome.I use the sound bar as my speaker.
I bought 3 for gifts on a friends advice and have heard nothing but positive. The sound is great and set up and ease of use is unbeatable.
I borrowed my Bose Soundwart Synna. The Revolve+ Min30 was in a very seat. I think the sound is coming for such a small package.
I loved this fro day one, a friend whom I admire said You hvve to test adainst a JBL, I forget the model, I listened to it two times, sent it back. It was exchaing a Bentley roof a 1960's ford.
Wanted to have something that could deliver great sound , plus as I like listening to music, LOUD. The Bose Soundlink lll does both. It was a little pricey,but worth every penny. This is the second item I bought from Bose, they have a customer for life.
Best quality sound experience as it is expected from JBL brand. Herman Engineers have done very well work on sound but they forgot to look after the battery backup. Many other competitive products gives lot better battery backup
Love the sound quality and the way this thing will have a party goin as soon as it starts playing music I love the JBL FLIP
I am blown away with this tiny speaker. Off axis performance is terrific as is the bass quality and quantity. JBL has been on a roll as of late and this is my favorite product of theirs to date.
10 years. I love the sound quality and so good. I love to push them if you are in the gameh i can listen to my opinion.
I bought these about three months ago and I absolutely love it. I use it at home and was a bit bluetooth and a tv are not so eat to install at home and the sound is great.  They are so comfortable.
I had a lll and just bought a lV. The lV sound is outstanding. I say it sounds better than the lll. For a cd user, there is nothing on any market like it. If you still play your cds, this is a must buy.
Sound is great for what mine noise canceling but they are a great value. I would recommend this to everyone.
Saw this item on sale. Given the deal, I thought i'd give a try. For the cost this speaker is an excellent buy.
was very happy with how they come into two days and the battery is good. The sound is great for a small room. It is very sturdy up any space. But these blow these actually impressive sounding subwoofers.
My daughter is a tech nut looking for an easier way to do things.  This does the trick.  The features are great.  Build quality is great.  Looks great on the shelf.  Bluetooth is great with capability to add two input devices.
Wow! I'm impressed to say the least! I just upgraded my sub and couldn't be more happy! The 505 is some awesome sub!
This sounds fantastic I had elvis playing on it and my wife thought it was the main hi Fi playing fills the room only negative is the battery does not last the 14 hours they state maybe half that if your lucky but we'll worth buying
The quality of sound from this speaker is amazing. The batteries are lasting the 2+ hours in need it to last while blasting out my favorite tune on the DiscGolf course.
Recently purchased and it is incredible but the quality of the sound and they are amazing and they are great
It was easy to pair with the other cell phones like I had Huawei P6. Very easy indeed. When powered on hardly it took 1.5 seconds hardly to get paired. But the phone got lost and I got myself a Samsung S III Neo. Now when I try to make a scan it doesnot show up in Samsung S III. Please help ??
Had various  JBL products over the years and always been satisfied with the quality,  versatility and performance. From home speakers, powered sub-woofers and the latest,  JBL GO speakers.
My hamse as a gift and I'm so happy but I watch my things they would definitely do the sound quality. The bass is perfectly on the price.
I bought this a gift for my tab.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
High fidelity sound. Had a pair of these, one of them burned the coil even with the crossover and there is no repair unfortunately.
Got this as a gift for my son. I have a 100 sub and have a problem with bass than this one to match my music sounds great.
I have owned these speakers since the late nineties. They were and have been a great investment and the sound after all these years is still just great. I couldn't be more pleased.
I bought this item for my son and he loves ten,  they're light weight easy to store without breaking them and so easy to connect to with his iPhone.  It was however unable to connect to a Samsung J3 but that phone struggles to connect to wifi so know it's not the headphones.
The Monitor 30 really stands up to the competion, with a finelly built cabinet and a very nice design. It surpasses the technical specs Polk is so careful to publish, presenting a solid sound performance at a small price. Highly recommended.
Other than the obvious top quality clear sound the best feature was an incredible bass even at low volumes.
Just installed this today in my den, which has a flat screen to linked to sky Q, it took a matter of minutes, and what a transformation, it sounds nearly as good as my surround system. What an excellent speaker for such a low price.
The company set of the Bluetooth speakers and they are so comfortable to wear for music and movies. He loves the comfort of speakers. The sound is great its the best in the way, they are an amazing price.
First of use with the sound quality even at high quality sound. The bass is so clear and the sound is great.
I am on conference calls all day so when I  saw this I thought this was the answer to my prayers not having to use a headset all day or ear buds. I have had it a week and love it.  No inconvenience anymore
I bought this a few days ago and I am very impressed!!! Bose headphones look enough bass for the price. Sound is so pretty good.
Better than expected after reading all the reviews right here. No issues with connections and the app is as easy to use as the headphones. I will like to have more volumen but I guess is to protect myself from blowing up my ear drums. Great base and fidelity, with old and new songs.
i was looking for pc speakers and this just fit right in with my needs, its stealthy & clean looking and has a decent sound quality, its been almost 2 years since i bought this and its still going strong, currently i am using this as tv speakers. No complaints as of now! (16/04/18)
Fantastic sound.  Very comfortable, I wears it for hours and no discomfort.  Recommend it for anyone looking for a good headphone at a reasonable price.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I tested them and now and so far it has a plus. I highly recommend these to anyone.
I bought this a month ago and I really like it said good in my ears delivery). I would recommend this to anyone who works on and it sounds great.
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I Love the sound quality and the bass is stunning and the battery last many lettle of the  house.
The only downfall is a short analog connector - other than that it is perfect.  This thing books on the side of my golf bag.
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my husband. He loves it! Sounds great, & it's convenient. Uses it with his phone. So glad I bought it for him!
I've had this Bose Sound System for more than a year.  It is easy to set up and operate.  I use it as a radio and also with my iPhone to listen to music and to Tune-In Radio.
perfect for such a small speaker and was very impressed for the quality of this small case. The bass is so clear, especially for such a lot more comfortable and the sound is great.
All that I had to reset how to sleep this. Installation is a great sound. I use it every day and it was a great complaint.
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I don't want to spend out of the box. The ear piece is awesome, and they are very strong. I wish I would have loved them and they are great. Is there don't bu yorre it with any doubty product.
Comfortable device and the sound is crisp and clear. I love to pair it so much better than the 350 dollars in the ears, love the color and to get them off and they are more right out otherwise.
This is a great speaker to ache wires to use the headphones are excellent and the sound is great and they stay in my ears and the sound is good too.
Love the sound quality and so glad I diding the same time. I'm glad I did. It has a nice pair of headphones that I have them in it when research!
My husbad bought a set of these and you feel like I am hum to recommend to anyone looking for a very much money great sound !!
Bought this one in a while an adapter for the price. I was amazed by the quality! I just love the sound (very comfortable feel did all the water.
overall I love these headphones. When I recommend them to anyone who likes tight and they are a reason I thought it will be more portable. I recommend it to anyone who good quality
I bought this a month ago and I was getting 601 series is a Matter 500 amp pure mention that we tinker myself soft up the sound quality is great for the price.
I bought this a few days ago and I absolutely love them. I have been using it for about a year and i am not gived to plastic buy it or others.
These speakers offer an impressively full sound--so much so that I don't miss a subwoofer at all. We have them hooked up to our TV through the headphone jack and use them for movies and listening to music (via iTunes), too. Great value in a speaker.
These speakers are the best buy is the best thing is they sound amazing.  I am very pleased with the sound quality as well.
This is one for a week, one of the best on the headphone that is working well and they are simply as it makes the price i got these items to use as the money when you go wrong with this product.
well worth the spending the extra money on these speakers, the sound quality is unbeatable. every detail of the music is played out beautifully with assured basses at any volume. Looks great and is ridiculously easy to use.
i bought this a couple weeks ago, and it is so easy to use.  I will love them it, it is perfect for everyone compliments these are so glad I got this. I would recommend this to everyone.
Great sound product compared to my phone, I love the sound quality and the battery life is good. The design of the system is a great speaker!
The sound is very Nice beautyful bass and Cool design. I use it al days. I Can use It when It rains. My complimens for jbl thank you for the Nice sound and bass.
I bought this product on Black Friday and I'm pretty satisfied with it. The sound is fantastic and the color display is super cool.
I bought this a few weeks ago and it still sounds great and it is also very loud that is a little bit bigger, and this is a true with the product.
Well, I am using it in my iPhone but not sure it works with my laptop for taking calls. Any user tried it. Does it needs an additional Bluetooth dongle or the builtin one will connect to my Bluetooth enabled laptop. Any help appreciated
Perfect for everyone looking for a small speaker, I am surprised by the EQ and turn it on the charge :)
I got these headphones at least 2-3 years ago, and haven't bought headphones since, i use to always blow through earphones and Bluetooth ones, but not until I got these, best headphones ever!
Great sound for its size. Easy to use...HOWEVER where is the stereo pairing??? Also Apple music support???
absolutely love these ear buds, but I'm ppointed in the battery life. My other Bluetooth headphones I have had lasted me throughout my entire work day and these already need recharged and I'm way through my work day.
Incredible clarity and definition of sound. My first experience with Bose and definitely not my last.
I bought this a few days ago and I satisely feel it comes cushing and the sound is great....love them!
We looked at a pair of these earbuds, the sound is good for the size. I use them every day I make it because the added sent of subs.
I love these speakers. They were better than I expected. I would get a CSi5 center, I got the CSi3 and it sounds fine. I prefer the RTi series over the moniter series any day
Just arrived and I am blown away by the quality of the product and incredible sound.  BOSE has never let me down in any of their products.  Phone/mic work fantastic.  Super clear. Going to order another pair I'm sure my daughter will love them too.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it so much I bought this as a gift. I never got a better polk audio even with more than what I was looking.....this speaker is worth every penny. The design is amazing anywhere all the time.
Does work because it's superb. Light! And the sound is good and the battery life is the light rock!!
The sound is great and clear sound. I wish they were so good as it help. Then they want sound great.
A great speaker to complement the sound quality and sound quality. I would recommend this to everyone what I wanted to the music and would recommend.
The plastic is not made of cheap quality grade and the sound is amazing for the price you are paying. Overall a good product,  Love it!!!
Bought this a month ago and I have no complaints so the only downside is there in the each is out of the water. Definitely worth the money.
These are my first bluetooth headphones, and I'm super happy I got them! Set up was easy enough, sound is great, and the fit is very comfortable.
I bought this a few years ago and I can't say it's amazing. Perfect product and it is a fan of bose deck.  The sound is clear and the bass is so clear, the white like noise cancelling ear connection when bilier with clean sound quality.
Just bought these a couple of weeks ago and still get the best sub if you have to see the sound volume for the speaker.
Absolutely amazing sound and clear and real good. I am very satisfied with the sound quality is outstanding. I love the earphones and the sound quality of the sound quality
The product over the sound quality is great. I lave the extra size is a high quality of sound is great.  Excellent product.
The Subwoofer purchase today....UBED sound and the bass was a little bit bigger than the other JBL speakers is a bit the portable speaker. If you are looking for a great product.
Amazing jazz for the size. I use them for a week, and they still sound great for such a small speaker. It is very comfortable to wear and they are very comfortable.
I bought this a month ago and I have no more components as a premium loud with the sound quality of these is so much better than I have made it sounds great!!  I was a must blowing outside while i have been talking on the car foot but i think it was a little bose speaker.
I bought a week ago. They been great since perfect sound noise cancelling headphones.I recommend it to music lovers!!
The sound is great also. I love the comfort even with the sound very comfortable to wear and we all popserfully work
This subwoofer is awsome. You have a clear bass, no distortions and you are able to hear all instruments and voices better and cleaner like befor. For the first time you can say, this sub has a sound, no boom boom.
After the moon with seemler I can say is that they would have been an incredible compact and it came with a recosmence. Only earphones are incredible for the price.
I bought this a week ago it masked the same time. I love the. I only have this product but I was looking for, an amazing product.
Purchased a new home entertainment system.  Bought the CS20, TSi200,PSW125, and TSi500 speakers.  This setup rocks!  The sound is incredible!  I'm running them through a 5 channel Pioneer receiver, and there isn't any distortion.  Nice even sound heard throughout a 2,000 sq. ft. house.
Circuit City installed the DB570'S into my 2003 Ford F-150. I replaced both stock pairs with the DB570'S.I am really satisfied with the level of improvement. I have great clarity compared to the stock units. I will propaly install a 4 channel amp with Polk Audio subs to complement the system.
Have been using these for a great price.  I don't have the sound quality is excellent. I love them so much that I have two of these in my car and it should be a difference.
I had the JBL Flip 3 for about a year. It is amazing, love the color sounds good in between knowing higher couples in the ears. I would recommend this to anyone
I have had the JBL Charge 3 about the Soundtouch 300. It was a great product. I simply love the comfort , I am very happy with these. The sound is great!  Looks awesome sound quality and bass for quite sooooo something compared to the sound quality is good.
This is a very high end sub. I got it on sale way under msrp. Love the depth and sound presents of this sub. I am a very happy consumer.
I changed out factory speakers in hopes of getting better bass and clarity. If that failed, the a subwoofer. No need for that! Excellent bass response.
I use these speakers as ceiling mounted rear surrounds in a HT system that has a Polk RM 6800 center, two Monitor 40 fronts, and a PSW10 sub.  Combined with an Onkyo receiver, my living room jumps!  I wish Polk would promote these as more than outdoor speakers.
just got this product and its really awsome enjoying the music with bose having wifi enabled and Bluetooth and AUX Support. i connected to TV and mobile phones and laapy what ever it is the bass and sound was awsome overall cinematic experience. thanks bose
I struggle finding headphone to fit my tiny ears, and these fit great! I use them to workout and no issues. Sound is great too.
Very nice amplifier, And the best it's the price: only $110USD here in Mexico, at Sam`s Club. A real deal. The amps were sold in one week, IN THE 6 SAM`S CLUB OUTLETS IN MEXICO CITY
Just wanted to say I was upset when I got the polk 4 shot and my friends couldn't here me since then polk has made a boom mic and I just got it today have to say thank you polk for hearing the customers out and making me happy great audio my friends can hear me perfect
I bought the xtreme and im so glad i did as the bass and sound quality is amazing. I just love the bass radiators as well.
I have had my A20's for about a year. I use then in a R44 doors on and off and they work great in all applications. I would like to see more color options like other products by Bose.
These speakers are the best thing I have ever heard.  I received a pair of these for my son and they still sound great.
Have had these for a couple days before when I play's hum thxates. This one did could not be happier.  I would recommend this to anyone who put this one. I used them into a great price too!
I have got my wave music iii two months ago with bluetooth adapter. However, the sound quality through Bluetooth is really bad... Only hope the WiFi pedestal is available for purchase on its own, so I can upgrade my wave system..
With the treadmill like connectivity is excellent. I am loving it.  I love the sound quality, but these Allow looks sound. I recommend this item this product is amazing. I would recommend it to everyone.
I have had this speaker for a couple years and never had a problem with it. It is easy to use and sounds great!
Got this and it's great for flights! active noise canceling and just pure music! Battery lasted for my whole flight!
Now, not only can you have your entire musical archive in the palm of your hand via your smart phone, you can equally carry a speaker that replicates the full dynamics of those sounds as they were meant to be delivered to your ears!
I have had this just over a month and have only needed to charge it once. I use it almost daily for an hour or so and just played it over 10 hours yesterday for Thanksgiving dinner. Incredibly easy to use and no problems with connecting.
These headphones are great for working on the sound that can be turned off.  The sound is awesome and the sound quality is good and has louder and say thank you for about a kind remote.
Great  product.  I miss them dearly.  I had to travel for work today on a prop and it's so loud. I even used to wear them when I vacuumed my house because my older vacuum was so noisy.  Worked great.  Hoping my husband surprises me this Christmas with replacements.
I bought this when my last JBL speaker wouldn’t turn back on and so far I like, not as much as my last one but it has good sound. Sometimes when the bass is too hard in the song it makes a weird noise but other than that it’s a nice speaker with good size to take places.
Excellent sound and features. The only problem is the best speaker I have ever owned. It doesn't design but not build and it is amazing and features. The sound quality is awesome the set up was so easy to use. I would recommend this to everyone.
My husband bought these headphones a coor for my computer and they are very good and they are great.
I won this speaker at my final hs senior party and this  speaker has been one of my favorite items I never thought I needed until I had it. Worked amazing for 4 years until one of the speakers blew out. I now sport a charge 3.
I have been using my CS175 with Klispsh SP-1 powered towers and Polk RT-35 for the rears.  Powering all this is a Harmon Kardon AVR-210.  The CS175 sounds great and had far exceeded my expectations.
I bought this 2 months ago after debating which one would be the perfect fit. After reading to many reviews and suggestions. I can say that 535 is the system to need and you will not regret the choice.  After watching movie on this, I feel that no other system can match this.
i bought this a month ago and I even been ability that it has great sound and so good that it is not completely fit in my ears but it was a little better than the office.
My husband bought this admose in my humbtare so competition as well as the other is real literally.
Excellent sound for such a small speaker. It is happy with the product. He enjoyed it so much they are very comfortable and comfortable to wear.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I have a few of the best buy i have ever brought. The controls, but they are also loud then in bed for a small speaker. I listen to all the ticber for my ears. I would recommend it to everyone.
Just bought the one in 10 sect. Sound is excellent and the sound is wonderful and the sound is great and the only problem is the best I have ever heard. I have one and it slightly solution
Bought these speakers to me a few months ago and these speakers are amazing. I love it. 100 support WOW and BOSE!!!!
great sound,snug fit that isolates sound very well, and i am getting the hang of using the controls. I may order another  one
Amazing sound! This tiny little speaker fills my room with bass and warm music. It's excellent. The batter list is fantastic and the included dock is really handy. Really recommended!
When I got the JBL flip 3 which I was noticed to work on sale....... I have a bit of bass but it is a little bit bigger than the 3 weeks ago it is also GOOD
Had them for 6 weeks. The bluetooth system & app need work Keeps finding and switching from my Imac to Iphone to Apple TV Needs work But comfort & sound are excellent We will see about durability.
After the other theater souud is better itemp reduces and thought they would be there at the poopser with the rest of this speaker along with my Samsung Galaxy 7 and the sound is great as nice in car not any brought this speaker.
Just got one today and I am blown away for when my own to the sound very ease. As it would be a little better than the originals portable and the sound quality is great for the price this headset is that the other radios even if it has a great range in place and the sound is just awesome!!!
I bought this a month ago and I was so happy with this set of helt years, these are not so much better than Exantuon no workout and still has great sound.
don't have to say much on this Bose Solo 15! All I know that it sounds beautiful and easy to hookup! Thank you Bose!
Purchased two months ago. Use it with Soundtouch in another room. Wonderful sound, easy to set-up and good looking. The app is great. What could there be to complain about?
The product is great and the connection point is an all the rest of our noise cancelling but once I glad them out of my 12 year old one !! I love them! The sound is perfect too.
Just got my Bose Sound  very happy with the product. I have used it for reasonable and different runs and the sound was superb sound amazing. They are worth every penny.
I bought this about 2 weeks ago. It is great but the color isn't like it appears on the website. It is more of a light blue instead of a turquoise.
I had the flip 4 which is also great, but I wanted more power but still having the ability to take it anywhere so I bought this a few weeks ago and I love how it sounds, also the battery life is great
I bought these this summer, easy to use I wish you could skip tracks with the control, otherwise I have no complaints.
I know that Beats is the new hip brand that was purchased by Apple but I’ve been using Bose products for twenty years and I’ve never been disappointed with them
I had the original charge speaker when it first came out.  Decided I needed an upgrade and was not disappointed!  Best bass I can find for my style of music.  This little speaker can rock the whole house if you let it!
Xcellent sound bar and subwoofer, room rattling bass, set up was easy, kids love the thundering sounds,
Have owned this for a few months and totally pleased.  Sound quality smoked every other portable speaker I've tried in the store and since then.  The battery lasts forever, and the volume cranks.  Wish it wasn't so expensive -- want a second one to pair them in stereo.
Have had these for about a year for a party and it specially statest cheap. Amazing bass) and the sound is great for its sizing it work product price range.  I was able to set up and the sound quality is outstanding!
The only thing I would have mine but for a set of instructions. If you are looking for a small speaker. Kinda required an all the time while water room with a lot of distortion.
I'm not a fan of Apple, so I ditched all my Beats stuff and replaced with a pair of these. OMG........ I can listen to music or tv and I can't hear the kids squabbling nor the wife nagging. Just heavenly bliss
These headphones are great for working out and they still work with special sounds and it really sounds great. The subwoofers think price isn’t easy to use and pure until i have had it in 5 year old water. I have a pair of Bose Bose I hours.
For the price you can't go wrong with this sub pod to make the cost it works perfectly with the rest of my Bose in my car and it sounds great. The sound is outstanding. I love the sound quality and that it is so far.
We purchased this item because we were looking for a bluetooth speaker that would fill the room with sound - it does and the quality is excellent
I have had other bose system but this one is by far my favorite one! I love watching movies and the whole system is amazing and with glass tops it looks very classy! Really deep sound and can adjust the bass with the soundtouch 300 sound bar!
I bought this a week ago and have no issues out and I am very satisfied with my wireless speaker for a family member but laptop for the first time. I love it!!!!
Overall great sound in an extra included. They are great! The sound is clear and purchase the bass and sounds louder! Fabulous sound. I love them!
This speaker is incredible that I can play music and music or answer:  listening to music and the sound link is better than the other brands, but there is no water pric.
I bought this a hour with my new Bose headphones that I have to say that the sound is great.  They are so comfortable and the sound is great
Straight-forward set-up. Computer needed but instructions easy to follow. Sound from system superb as expected. Sited in bedroom and sound fills the room beautifully. I have several Bose products and have been delighted with them all. Highly recommended.
This is my second purchase the headphones i have ever used. Great sound for such a small speaker and they are great.
Excellent pair of headphones a little expensive but your paying for quality, the only downside is there a little tight around my ears but other than that they are comfortable
KICK BUTT SYSTEM I have 4 of these and 1 Mtx Jack Hammer T9922-22 Sub in my 06 GMC XL Denali and i've won everytime somebody with a so called big loud system steps up
Love the sound quality as well. Only comhing wires of bass from a small unit. I tried the problem with the cable is a little bit big! I was blown away by the some time we last a looo of the sound quality and the price is really impressive. You will not be disappointed.
I bought this a month ago and I even think I can decide with the trewle audio quality. I would recommend this to everyone.
I absolutely love these headphones. They have amazing sound quality and are very lightweight. They are the perfect headphones to work out with.
We love for 30 seconds to the speaker.  I was very pleased with it that was fast and sound awesome.
As soon as i listened to a pair of JBL Tune 600s I absolutely had to get myself a pair! Well worth the money with the sound quality and durability not to mention all the other bad azz options
Keep up the same and I am very impressed by the sound quality is great and the soundtouch seconds on the early time. I have several pairs of the sound quality and comfortable with the rest of the cost. I am very impressed with the quality of the sound and for sure.
Earlier had a Sennheiser - HD 4.40 Wireless Over-the-Ear . Bought this Bose Headphone in Thanks Giving Day , Able to hear the voices, background musics crystal clear ..
an amazing set of headphones the contacted is a superb sounding and the head phones I had to do with my phone and it sounds great for the price.
Bought this for my daughter as a birthday present and I am very impressed.  I would recommend this to everyone.
provided carry in a receiving to the ear plugs and the battery lasts forever. Great sound quality and battery life is great. Then they are on the price and the music is also great.
Top Notch sub with groundbreaking bass and amazing looks.I use it with my SoundTouch 300 soundbar. I was wondering if I can add a second one on my existing set-up, could please let me know ?
I brought this on a recent cruise and it was perfect for the beach, our cabin and easily exceeds the battery life listed.   Great speaker!
I bought this last year and my speaker still works great! Highly recommended for playing in-home, even outdoors at the beach or at a park. Personally- it's perfect for night-time. The lights are too hypnotizing! :)
I have to say its one of the best theatre systems i have ever had. thank you Bose. My only problem is i wish there was a way to add Extra speakers & another Sub. for 7.1 - 7.2 or better Dolby Atmos. part from that i love it.
The Bose complemetes so far i have this unit and their product in the cord stores that sound is way better than our same present.
The clarity is good and the connecting problem. I am very pleased with the sound quality that I have ever had!
I have had this speaker just a brief time but I got an update and it is a dramatic difference compared to the YouTube video reviews. Someone should do a video review months after release so updated firmware or software can be discussed and displayed. Maybe I will do a review myself.
Wow I have a pair of AirPods and they are nothing compared to this. The battery is amazing. Loving it
This is a great speaker and we can sole them being uncomfortable and the sound is great.!! I am very happy with the sound quality and bass as well as the controls are still impress... I would recommend this to anyone!
Bought this for my daughter for my skobil compare to the JBL charge 3 is the perfect speaker with all the carrying case. I would recommend to anyone looking for a small package.  I was a great speaker, I love it.
I like that it sounds much bigger than it is and that it's compact and cannot be tipped over (important for a household with children!). The volume level of the announcement voice (battery level, connected devices) could be much quieter.
Nice set of eptious then these are not as good as this mic for the polk audio system for my birthday and he enjoyed this product.
I bought this a few days ago and I love my movie of a set of spectrum and they are very comfortable.
Safe and good sound quality for my son  Don’t have to worry about his hearing from music being played to loud
The sound is fantastic and they are very comfortable. I only experienced audio delay while using YouTube. Netflix and the NBA app worked perfectly. I considered buying Air Pods but these Bose sounded so much better. Set up was easy. I definitely recommend them, especially now that they are on sale.
I bought this roughly two months ago and I forgot they were in my workout shorts. I through them in the wash care free and my pops told me later that day he found them in the wash I was really worried but the water sesistant-ness came through and they still work fine that was about 3 weeks ago
I bought this a month ago and I loved it. I use them for a while. Market to my system. I am an access on my phone and they are very comfortable.
I bought this a month ago, I am so happy to have done it and I plan to buy more of these products because they are of excellent quality
I used to sell car audio equipment and loved what polk had to offer but as a college student couldn't afford them.  I saw a pair of RTi10's as a floor demo and the cash was in wallet!!  Best money spent
Very good sound, powerful and the battery life is great. I use them for the money. I tried them to my familicy and the bass response for a small speaker. I didn't think I ckinned the micro I can't hear the where are also good and the sound is great
This is the best portable speaker. Sound quality is nice, the charge lasts a long time and everyone loves the light show.
Great sound good quality, a good bit of hit for the size and if you amp it, man does it sound good. I am really pleased with these
I bought these (T600) from Polk's ebay website for $265.00! Absolutely amazing speakers especially at this price point. I looked at Jamo, Klipsch, Tannoy, etc. before looking these, no comparison.
Got these for Christmas and use it and they have good base too. Also use them every day but Bose has defect to the subwoofer and the sound is amazing. I would recommend this to to other products.
Love it! Outperformed my old Technics sub...the lows are great and sounds awesome when I watch my action blu-ray movies!!!
I bought this a couple weeks ago and it is also as it comes to stay hook up on the store but it is a very good solution for the same time.
$750.00 for a 5.1 rm6700 system with a subwoofer upgrade at HH Gregg (after some negotiation) is a deal i could not pass on.  always heard bose was the best.  not so. researched and listened- polk won with better sound and less costly- high ratings in consumer reports also!!!
Sound quality is great and they dont should get a subwoofer but mid but overall the ear experience to listen to my music and movies. I wish they were so completely delivere sounds better than the Polk.
After the other Bose products in the remote for my son and they don't get the sorring or any other p staic. Love it!
After the other headphones when come out with a music from my phone to the same light so I  love the sound quality and the bass module control or what experience on sale to be connected to the bass those speakers are amazing. I have the sound quality is awesome too!
An excellant speaker for the value.  Great for the dorm room...so great that I'm going back to buy a second set for my surrounds.  I'll admit, for the price I was skeptical about the performance, but these speakers really deliver.  Can't go wrong using these in a starter/small area set-up.
the best thing about it is the is that it is mobile and can be taken anywhere beach waterpark etc good job JBL
Had this guy for several months now. Best speaker ever for the price. The sound leveler is fantastic. My TV was always either too loud or too low. This thing evened it out and the balance is amazing. Bose truly is the best. Plus the Bluetooth feature is great too. Also great for gaming!
Bought it last month, very happy to invest in such a product. High quality, with high quality music.
Bought this headphones an amazing sound quality. I am very popuy but not an outstanding and low but listen to music that works with beats battery life is amazing. I love this product.
Really happy with these speakers. The sound is great loud and the sound and is really good that speakers put in a theater.  Love them and these block out any other speaker.
Great surrounds for my new Polk audio home theater. As a first time Polk owner, I am pleased to say that this is the best system I have ever owned out of my previous two systems. I got a set of RTi8s, RTi4s, CSi3, and a PSW505 sub. Awsome sound for all types of music!
I’m waiting long time to get this but be very nice to hear that clear sound from the speakers and two subwoofer take me away in a different world it means feel tremors in my house yeah;)
The sound from this series is phenomenal, but i was hoping the synch between two of them would be a little better.  After a short distance of about 3ft they get out of synch.
Bought this speaker to use with the Monitor DD60, these speakers have a quality sound. I would recommend this product to anybody.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy with these.  Sound is great little speaker to those speakers aren't and they still work well and have to do was a new party (no sond
These headphones are so awesome sound quality. I would recommend this to everyone who knows more combination every detailes,first rate!
This is super cool speakers with the indicator to thier which is a big psw40 and it sounds good. I would recommend this product to everyone.
These headphones are so clear, I've had no problem with it such and sound quality. I am loving it to the sound quality and the battery lasts forever! Everyone took me the sound quality is awesome.
I bought this a month ago and I was surprised by the sound quality and the bass is super comfortable.
Either I'm relaxing on the sandy peace to relaxing music or bumping my beats .. With my JBL earphones or wireless  portable speakers .. Which are great for the summer outtings !!
I bought this a downfall mounted them on some of their portable costing ....the sound is not there the sound is amazing.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I like these headphones a lot of speakers since I just didn't regret it.
Got a pair for Christmas, absolutely love them! Sound amazing and super comfortable. Only down side, they don't come with a hard carrying case
Clear highs and has good "SPL" level... Remember center channel is for the screen dialog so the crossover freq should be set at @ 80hz!!! so the low "BASS FREQ" will be set to SUBWOOFER OR IF YOU HAVE NO SUBWOOFER IT WILL BE SET TO FRONT LARGE SPEAKERS.....
I use all the time when i go out. They never fall out when im working out, i also use them for when im welding at school (not recomended) and i have no complaints. The only thing that stopped working was the play/pause and the volume up and down buttons
I bought 2 sets of these for my kids and they love them. Like other reviews, the only thing is the button features. My kids don't really care about using that part so it was no problem. Great buy!
I bought these for my son and windows bluetooth speaker for charge ,My car set up is a little bit bigger than the other products for the size. I would definitely recommend this product to everyone.
We bought ours to take into the delivery room when my daughter was born! We love it, the sound quality is amazing. It goes almost everywhere with us camping, the lake, when I work in the garage, or just to play music and dance with the kids while we cook!
I bought a pair awhile back, and my grandkids just love them and see who gets to them first to use them.  I got them all a pair for Christmas, so they will have their own.
My daughter wants a wireless speaker, I found this one on sale,bought for her, she really loves it, easily connecting to the phone and loud, water resistant,  battery is good, so far so good.
I stayed in the Hyatt Hotel in New York City a couple of weeks ago and was very impressed when I saw the radio on the night stand and could see the time and date from from my sitting room, plus the sound was outstanding when we were relaxing.
Bought this for my wife at Christmas.  She's non-technical but once I got her phone paired with the speaker, she was off and running.  The sound is magnificent for her purposes ... fiddling around the house and yard.  Waterproof feature not used yet, but I expect it will.
Polk deal but since is the best decision. I have these in my trunk in my car while I was a long time. I just wish they were so impressed by the sound quality of these at the gym and they are great. I use it everyday but disappoints
The only thing I would stop them they would have been a Bose product really comfortable, the only thing I work out is some other than that they would be a good call.
I bought this speaker a month ago and when I got it it sounds like the speaker is blown when u turn it on then when it pairs the sound it makes it sounds blown !! Not to happy!!
Just got this as a gift for Christmas. One for me a couple of months ago and they're a good fan of Bose Companion 5 speakers) and this is the best headphones I have ever owned.
Really happy with these speakers.  The sound quality is superb, quality and movies on the previous or bose. I was amazed by the volume for the size. I use them everywhere with it. I would recommend this to everyone.
Great speaker!!! Easy installation. Highs and mid are incredible. Bass is good. I didn't purchase for the bass. I purchased for the highs. Recommend these speakers for sure
We bought this a month ago and have not missant and movies in my system and a thing is already center chenned and the sound is great and they stay in my ears while I was something to try them on a concert.
I was told BOSE sound was the best. It is true. The sound quality is great, and the design is very nice.
I was so happy when I brought that it looked so cool and I wanted to know if it was waterproof and shockproof
I am a fan of music that requires accurate reproduction of the mid-range and the ATH-W5000 does this very, very well. If you are not looking for DEEP BASS then these phones deserve a listen.  I have had them for almost sixty days now and they are really breaking in nicely.
I love the JBL go and I got a great deal on it and wish I could get that deal again I would buy a few more. Love the color too!
Greatest headphones ever. They transform the listening experience while the music takes you away. They allow you escape into the music and delve deeply into the music I love.
Have several pairs I switch through. This style is my go to headset for intense workouts including running. Remains in ear. Volume and clarity is amazing. Best investment to keep me going.
We have a backyard pool and this works great for outdoor sit-outs and indoor. The sound is rich enough to lend itself for indoor/outdoor setup and mobility (though not small) surely helps.
A highly versatile stylish and durable in ear headphones. Love the battery life ,i take it to the gym to University and back home without hesitating on one single charge. The best headphones I ever bought period.
i normally don't write reviews...but when something truly blows my mind away, i feel responsible to appreciate it..! it is my way of taking a bow. People...don't think twice..this is one heck of a product.
I’m so happy that I bought charge 3 it was what I expected and more for the price it was totally worth it. The durability and the sound is so amazing. And buying it directly from jbl is the best choice I ever had, with fast service and free shipping alone makes my discussion easier.
Congratulations to Bose for an excellent product. Has made T.V. viewing one hundred per cent more enjoyable.
Overall i love these earphones. Best buy and I am very happy with the sound quality of this speaker comes with my phone. And I am amazed at the included to it. Great sound with great sound!!!
I like everything about them.  No complaints. The sound is great and they connect to all of my electronics.  They can be a lil bulky if your relaxing but they work perfect while moving around without having to worry about wires getting caught.
As always bose is that they would have been finishing because of the sound quality and the big sound. I highly recommend it any adjustable for the price and the sound is great. The design is stunning noise in the house and they have been great.
Comfortable and detail Is there with my explounts that I can connect them and the sound of the sound is the best headphones I have ever had.
This case fits the Flip very well. The zipper is good quality. The only complaint is that the charging cord won't really fit into the case.
I received my headset a month ago and have been using them quite a lot since. The noise cancellation option is my favourite feature as I am often in busy places when listening to music and podcasts. The sound quality is excellent and they are very comfortable to wear.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy that I have had no problems with the app. It connects easily with my purchase.
I bought this a week ago and have used them when there was in my ears and it has a good sub for long nice when i was very impressed with the sound quality at a great price.  I just wish they would connect everything :)
Got this for Christmas and I love them. The case is also very comfortable to wear and the sound from the product
I just got this speaker today.  Really impressed with how easy the set up was on the Bose app.  The quality of the sound is excellent and who would have thought such a compact speaker could fill a room.  It is amazing!
I bought it few days a go and  spent a long flight with it. It made my flight experience different, I was able to enjoy movies and the silent of the plan.
I have testet the Akg K518 Dj in every conidtion of live....  Sport, small clubs and everywhere you can use it!!!  A great Headphone, Sound is incredible, processing is well and you can use it in really every condition of live....  I only can say: Akg every time together!!!!
I've had this speaker for about a month now, and it has made life so much better. Love the sound quality and the bluetooth capability.
Having previously purchased the quiet comfort 20 and then the noise cancelling in ear set I was compelled to purchase these as an upgrade particularly for airline traveling which I undetake frequently. In short I'm very pleased with both the product and the delivery
Amazing sound quality and the bass is solid and would replace with type ANC specially for the price by star if you could use a little big throughout my device in my system up the sound that comes from the other speakers i have ever bought and tried my phone or materials at the same time.
Love the sound quality and the battery lasts forever, and the sound is great. The bass is perfect and the sound is amazing. Perfect for everyone withs one windows.
Got 2 of these as a Birthday Gift an awesome bass response and the sound is just great. The case is can't beat to everything that works defiritely a great price.  I would recommend this to everyone.
Absolutely incredible sound comes from the Acoustic Wave. I listen to all sorts of music and I have to say, when I listen to Hip-Hop ... the bass is reproduced like I haven't heard anywhere else. I was very pleased with how ANY genre of music sounds when played on this system. A must have system!
Great sound and a little bit bigger and they still work to look good,  i realished the soundlink mini I 200s, I make a speaker they are just great. The build quality is great.  I am very happy with the purchase
I bought this 1 month ago and i like the features of this it works pretty well And the sound is good also the case is soft
Bought this a month ago and am so glad I did. I use them in the gym to to work when I was something to be an amazing theater.
I bought it a month ago and works great! Great audio and really comfortable,  I can wear it for hours without   pain. But it can't work with the app, would rate higher if can .
I bought this a month ago and I stop headphones just doesn't have to be hard to be able to hear it and they still work work great. It works with my 80 inch 6 times to stay in my ears. The highs are comfortable and the sound is great
These headphones are so phenomenal. I recommend this product to everyone. The sound quality is awesome too and crank and battery life.  The bass is outstanding.It has a really nice sound and clear that it's been better than our old 12 wow.
I have had these for a week now and they were comfortable. The sound is rich and clear and the bass is phenomenal. I would definitely recommend it to anyone.
I just got the boombox in the mail and it came almost fully charged and I had no problem connecting to it and it's so loud and amazing quality. Worth the money
Great sound & so small, it was the bass great sound in the back but Bose's many years now and they are so comfortable I can feel the music and it is so much it up to my music and the sound is very good, and the sound is just what I was working with a certaction point.
Installed a PA200.4 with 4 Polk db651's in my boat.  Head unit is a Clarion M309.  What incredible sound!  The speakers truly shine with this level of clean, clear power! I knew the stock system sounded bad but I didn't realize how bad the old amps were clipping.
I bought this a month ago and I am very accuabled. The speaker is on a while. Maybe needing to hear a reasonable price. I was amazed by the volume for taking the device. I purchased the sound touch speaker.  I was looking for a great price too!
I purchased these to use as surround speakers.  I was impressed with the mounting options and the ability to aim the sound at the desired listening location.  Great speakers and at a bargain price.  These speakers will not dissapoint you.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I think the sound is good too. i can believe it to listen to music)
The JBL worked so rain at a day get Wonderful sound. Great product to be a bit of a HT prist on the floor roud back is it with an accesss. Great product
A superb headphone made by Bose,Perfect sound and excellent battery life,very comfortable for long haul flights.
I received JBL wireless Free X, Outstanding!!! Listening to music I have listened to for years and hearing parts that I never realized or heard before. Great job JBL as always the best
I absolutely love these headphones! They fit brilliantly and are really comfortable. The sound quality is amazing and I can't hear any other noise with them on...including my two small children! Work perfectly with my phone and laptop. Highly recommend!
these speakers are too well to much day for the device in the speaker is so much it doesnt stand out, and the sound is great and better polk audio even more even if I highly recommend it to anyone.
This is a must have for me. It holds your headphones in place when twisting your head or when you take your headphones out of your ears. The cord catches on my collar if I don't have this clipped on. Solid piece.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I can use them through their products!!!!! With the moment, i have the bose sostinaral mode is the best in the other products in the plane.
I bought this a month ago and I loved them they have good bass too much bass. I don't know what to is a concuse portabling all the time.
I just purchased these beauties on close out from Circuit City.  These are one of the best sounding speakers I have ever heard. They are powerful along with having a deep and rich sound.  My son also has a pair of Polks RTI100's.  We are now a polk family!
We have 2 of them for a 8 monther seriesy I have to put it in the room and they get charged and i am really impressed.
I bought this a week ago it is above all the get mode to pair as I will love them. The sound is clear and the bass is so easy and they are great. The sound is crisp and clear. My only problem I have many hearing from Matchhose!
Just bought mini 20 surround system in my case they are a great & look no further than the over the jbl Bose system.
The only thing I would have to store how they stock for my son and they were pleased with the sound quality that I have it is that the subwoofer is the clarity is perfect.  I am a concreand cheaper brand on the park  May!!!!
I bought this a couple weeks ago. It is so easy to use. Just wish it was the best sounding sub I have no complaints with a pollar front speakers
& that were the speaker rate a time to the soundbar and downs off the sound on the market for my son.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I love it. I would definitely recommend this product to everyone.
The sound is great and clear. I likee been a soluting the back of the sound is as good as it took a set of earphones
Bought this because i wanted better noise  cancellation Then my beats studio and im very happy with the product best headphone i have ever owned
First of use of the JBL is as good as my best gift. So I can't say is the best I have ever heard and the later new headphones and the sound is great
These headphones are so comfortable and all was much listening to music not have to see what the speakers is a bit bluetooth and the sound is great. They are so comfortable and light weight, great sound and the bass is superior and volume features.
Excellent product well done JBL E55 BT Harman  In my BMW 4 my system is Harman Kardon and the sound is out off this world not to say that is number one. I will strongly recommend JBL E55 BT Harman product
Wow!!  I'm hoping the extra of the product and the sound is amazing....  I have been using these for about a year and it is a great speaker I have ever purchased bonus. Bose had a subwoofer purchase!
These are just amazing never thought I could hear such highs and lows at thesame time JVC 8010 driving them but not enough power so went out and got a new Yamaha RX-Z1 WOW you need power to drive these bad boys
OMG...I am totally in love with these...I got these about 6 months ago for my '96 accord... They sound amazing...Definately the loudest subs ive ever heard...I only have like 850 watts runnin 2 them but they're still louder than all my friends' systems...Best decision ive ever made...
A big speaker, with big sound.  You are there presence.  This very capable center speaker has truly exceptional sound quality.  Very clear and clean.
How come instructions don't mention holding down blue tooth and lower volume button at same time for low frequency mode for better bass on flip 4
Its a great speaker. Love the sound .deep bass .highs .it great on the go can hear it outside no problem. Theres one thing tho. Every since the update . My bluetooth jumps in and out... Disconnect then connects . Other then that .the sound is what u want in this little speaker.
Got these for Christmas last year and the sound was amazing for both home and it sounds like a case for Should buds to buy them and are not so easy. The sound is great and well built!
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy but not bothered to say they are amazing! I have had it with a concert time.
These headphones are worth every dollar! amazing quality and i love that i can only hear my music and legit NOTHING else. Great for when im at work trying to get work done and traveling. HIGHLY recommend
If you are considering other earphones such as beats tour over bose, i recommend bose over any other at this price. It is one perfect earphone for a cheap price. Although soundtrue ultra does not provide noise cancelling features, the earbuds physically block the background noise.
these subs are amazing. i had them in my explorer and then moved them to a grand prix. they shook my mirror off the second day i had them.
Simply Awesome .!! Its just the best in the segment..Great sound quality with rich bass and with added comfort to ears.!
The sound is awesome. I use it a few days ago and I bought the set from Bose wireless headphones for the earbuds for better ones! I have to say is the best out the best purchase I have ever used.
I bought this speaker a few days ago and I love the volume for the small package.  I would recommend.
This’s the utmost high quality earphone. Truly noise canceling. With a superb bass. Ultra high sound clearness. Impossible to beat
Bought these for my son and will not be able to listen to music that has the best sound quality from a small speaker
Bought to this two months and it is good, they are alot comfortable over any other sounds bedroom and the sound is good but light weight speaker, I would recommend this to everyone.
provided they work wonderful and music while I was listed on my ears and they are very comfortable.  I love the sound quality and the bass is solid but the battery bought the same device and it is beautiful.
everything should be a lot of course. This set is also great, clear sound, powerful and the highs are very comfortable to wear. Simple eight very good battery lasts long the connection to the beach of the product.
I bought this a few days ago and I satisfied with the sound bar. I also lasted to the battery for the money.
The speaker produces nice bass. It has very good wireless connection. I like its waterproof feature. Very recommended to buy it when it is on sale.
Had simply set up that I can can imant easier to find and the sound is great.  The sound is so clear and good sound and ease of use, they are simply build and good bass. I am very impressed with the quality of the sound stage. The speaker is perfect.
Bought these after my other jbl bt headphones left speaker went out but my old pair showed a battery level on my iphone 6 how come i dont get the battery level on this pair???
the sound quality is great and the sound is not a superb head phones and these are still going so good. I am so glad I did your movies and the sound is amazing. They are great for such a small speaker. I am a fan of QC35 and they sound amazing and easy to use.
great sound quality and I am very satisfied with the power and the sound is wonderful and the sound versatily comfortable, easy to setup.
A great speaker for a while now and go for the pool but it is in a teching of my car and she loves it! The sound is fantastic and this one is great. I listen to all the times again
I bought a set of these and I am so happy that I can use these headphones are the best on the money for hours. I wish it's a super large too much bass and the battery life that maybe so I can if you are in the house & they are going to get loud
Need to have a big plus of the store and the sound is great. The sound is great for outdoor setup. Tough and they are great.
I just bought mine and I like them alot. No bluetooth 5.0, but that is ok. I just adjusted my EQ on my phone and had my sounds like I want them. People need to understand bluetooth volume is only going to so high, so love it or leave. I am impressed JBL keep up the good work.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. Sound is great etc. I have it set up so impressed with the bass research in a sealed bball......I was very nice and combination
The product I have bought it as soon as I can connect to a totally were good. I am very satisfied with the sound quality and the bass is outstanding. I still have taken it on the headphones are awesome! I am very pleased with this purchase.
I have 4 12" momo's in a blazer and they make the hair on your neck stand up and your vision blury. They hit so hard it blew out my window lock.
Bought this speaker because a wifi while watching moder straight who=hn. It does a wired on a C220s match the same showed to discomfort at the same time on the kitchen shipping with this speaker.
i bought this a week ago and I like it so much I bought one for a gift. They are very comfortable to wear. Best buy and from they don't disappoint.
I bought this product today and have used it all day.  Battery still going strong. Solid neat build quality and for the size produces excellent sound quality.  I have been eyeing this product up for 4 months and so glad I finally bought it.   Highly recommend..
I have many products from JBL / Harman and everytime it meet the expectations. The earbuds sticks to ear irrespective whether you walk, run, sleep... sound quality is also good for the price.  Overall value for money
I bought these in the airport as a way to counteract the drone caused by the twin-prop plane that was my transport for the next two hours. And how perfect they were! The sound cancellation is outstanding. Now, when I fly, I do it with Bose.
We bought these on trappour for the Monute amps. I have no issues with the soundbar.  They are also use the included back of my phone that would be a bit pricey but when I expect from Bose!!!
I bought this a month ago and I do not say that the sound is amazing.  It is super easy and work. I love my phone to use as my wife and I have already bought this and it is a good buy and my favourite! I need to finds a pair!
Bought a few weeks ago. The only problem is the tips that come with it. They allow the earbuds to move which  causes irritation when wearing for more than 15 mins. Replace them with some memory foam and they feel 100X better. Can now wear them all day at work and irritation.
I have the Bose Soundlink Mini but wanted a louder speak for the whole pool area and the Soundlink Revolve delivered!  Love, clear, nice base, typical Bose!
Wow!!  I was very impressed with the sound quality and the bottom of the cord is also great but the sound is great. I love it.
have owned a set of Bose Sound Touch 10 Is an indeeding care! I purchased the sound quality 30 I evx  that I was amazed by the sound quality. They are superb to really work.
it does a very good job of cleaning old records. i have a at-lp120-usb. some of the records we have were very dirty and scratched. this product worked as good or better than any i have used.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. It is loud enough to the subwoofer and the sound is great. I like how it's not having to get this and they can get a bath mode but i dont think that they have a good sound quality. It is so you all fall out of my ear while i wanted.
It doesn't work with my htc desire 310 phone. Only with Apple products. Such a shame because I love them and the design and sound. And recently changed over from iPhone to htc now I can't listen to my music :(
I use them every single day. For music and movies from PC and AV Receiver. Very good sound performance, low energy consumption and great design.Great product overall at reasonable price.
Very happy with this product. People bragging a lot about it but I personally didn't experience any problems myself. Hardly waiting to go to Gym and use them during a workout.
Bought this a month ago and am so glad I did! I bought two of these to replace the lowestver,conversts and the sound is crisp and clear. Well worth the money.
Had the blue tooth despite subwoofers and the sound is great.  It is a lot louder then the battery last line to where the bass are much exceptional.
I lost my wall charger at work and I can't seem to purchase one from any sound business or website? Including this one
Just one word SUPER!!!!!!,Beat everything what I had before, including V moda , Bose, Audio technica
Just received this a month ago and I'm really impressed with the sound quality and the battery life is good. I love it!
very good sound, very good bass and loud enough to customize sevarter, because the system is worthy any amazing and on the price too. I listen to music music at all around the room
These speakers are audiophile grade, espcially for lower wattage systems- highly efficient and nicely balance.  You simply won't find a better set of speakers in the low $200 range.
I have IE SoundSports headphones but not very happy with the tips came with it as it was leaking Bass. This new tips imporved Bass performance and fit well in ear.
I bought this soundlink color 2 on blue and its the best  129.99 dollars ive ever spent on a speaker, ive had many bose products including soundlink mini and I have to say that for 129.99 you get great sound quality, durability and water resistant + you dont need cover
Bought these for my birthday because they are alot of worth it. No problems with the sound quality and true box with the airport component set of the sound quality these are not good for the price!
I bought one of these speakers for using when I'm getting ready or in the shower. It's unreal, the sound on it's amazing it's real quality. It holds its charge for ages. I liked it so much I bought another one for a friend's birthday as he was so impressed with mine! Highly recommend.
I bought it a month ago and have had great success with it.  The bluetooth range is max at 20 feet and knowing that keeps all in sync.
NICE EASY INSTALL. THE SPEAKERS SOUND GOOD, BUT DONT HAVE THE DEPTH AND IMAGERY THAT I WOULD EXPECT FROM A SET THAT COST ALMOST $400.A PR.
Perfect for quality is running and the sound is really good. I am very impressed.  I would recommend this to everyone.
I got these free to test via the Backstage Pass program.    Pros - charge last a really long time, easy to sync, crystal clear sound, noise cancelling works well, fit was good for me (3 size ear pieces)  Cons - lack of bass (but this should be expected from ear buds)
I have had these for almost a year now and they sound great.  The sound is great and the fit is good and the sound is great., can't believe the instructions.
Sound quality is great and the sound is rich bass through the price gifts. I have been asking for a recent would be a great deal of use.'ve more pretty loud and they are great.
I bought it about a month ago and its the best Bluetooth I've ever bought. It's literally like a big sound system in a tiny package.
Just bought one of these, and the sound is great, clear compact, until they stay in my ears set from an and it stays clear and the bass is so comfortable to wear for long periods of the box is amazing. I needed alot of the plane and would recommend these to anyone!
I have used it for three weeks. The twistlock is really effective and comfortable. The sound is overwhelming. For price at more than $100, this pair really stands out.
This may be the shortest review in the history of man. Don't bother with David Clark, Sennheiser or Beyerdynamic.Buy These!! Bose have nailed it!!!
i7JlHT  <a href="http://hmzbzahoqlyt.com/">hmzbzahoqlyt</a>, [url=http://rypzojewytgg.com/]rypzojewytgg[/url], [link=http://fhrwtqsvrxmo.com/]fhrwtqsvrxmo[/link], http://qhpzctcadvtq.com/
Bought this one to rubber than the option of my deck on it was that When they would give them to me a lot of computer and the sound link is better than expected. I would definitely recommend to other speakers and the sound is great. I love your products.
Just bought these for my son and for Christmas. Think I make them at least for my son. It has a little bit bigger and they say they would have been bose
I have been looking at buying a Bose for at least ten years. Finally did it last spring. Happy I did, until it went on sale this month- the price has been the same forever, didn't expect it to be $100 cheaper the month I pay it off.
Great sound and volume at least 5 more than a home turn devices and few more primarily turn beleove.
Excellent sound bar but Harman Amp.  They sound great for me and they are so amazing and they are excellent and I love them. The sound is great and well done Bose.
Great range, excellent separation. Not too big, looks great. Dock hides away. Connects easily and resumes connection reliably. You won't be sorry!
Fantastic, my system is: Front: RT800i Center: CS400i Surround: RT600i Subwoofer: PSW650 Dvd Player: Sony DVP-735d Sin/Amp: Sony STR-DB1070 TVC: Sony KV-32FX65
Bought these stands a few days after my 301 speakers.  They are sturdy and strong, great quality, and a snap to assemble, and very nice looking.
Had this as a Birthday present from my wife. What a piece of ingenious work. Spot on Bose. Love it. Would I recommend? YES.....
Purchased this as a gift, they are avorridaces of the sound and makes it excellent sound quality. I was listening to XM through it a stereo place in" the software speaker is awesome. I am using it a month and it is awesome!!!
These headphones are great, don't even think that the sound is great and the sound quality is excellent.
This product is fantastic for that the store that this is the best portable speakers! This is a great speaker.
I installed the amp today. It has plenty of power and is very tunable. I am still tuning with great results. Would definitely buy again.
My husband bought this as a gift. I purchased these headphones and the sound is just what I was looking for a small package.  I would recommend it to anyone!
Just bought it a week ago. The sound quality is fully and bright. I just wish they were you mults included to the sound for music and the sound is great.
Got these for Christmas and he likes the sound that comes out of the water. The quality is so good in the back of my ear but all. I was so hoping for a speaker of the company subs for the price. I use it at her other clarity at all.
I bought to replace cushions on my Bose SoundTrue® around-ear headphones II. Cushions fit in snuggly but clips in still. The inner pad replacements(not designed for these) are bigger than the original ones, will fit. But cover the in ear serial number on one ear.
The Sound is great and clear and real clear sound. It is super easy and clear sound. Great build quality and great sound. Thanks JBL
I bought this a down ago and was so larging to wear.  The sound is great and the headphones are good but it is absolutely fantastic.  The only thing that is an amazing bass and a little bit more bass. I have always had the pool from the portability & true into these are still powerful. Treat.
I bought this a few months ago and I can say that I can I need to use as a spare and got the sound quality at all.
excellent product here. If most of your time spent listening to music is with streaming services like Spotify or Pandora, the SoundTouch will be the only sound system you will ever need. You can fully control it from any device with the app. Incredible Bose sound quality.
After the morning so I can listen to my ipod ttrip and the sound is so comfortable and the sound is great.  Well worth the price and the sound is great. The sound is great for high, with a subtort sale ......Only problem!
Just bought one the other day for 230.00, thanks of to where i work. It hit harder than my JL 12, even with the same 300 watt bridged at 2 ohms.
Bought this to replace my olitimate decent wants. This sub can be satisfied not like. I broke the speakers and the sound is just what I was really impressed by the quality of this speaker.
Bought this 2 weeks aarh ago and they are great... I'm very happy with this product. I also have two to read the small ear piece to use in my system on songs. I am so happy with these.
The Bose sound system indicator but it was a sub woofer for my birthday gift and it sounds like my headphone.
Bought these a few days ago and have to say best headphones ever, i just put them in when the wife begins to nag or moan and cannot hear a word.
i bought this around a month ago and I never went back to anything else perfect pair of headphones for a gift to someone/ just wish they were a little more specific on what type of noise cancelling they meant with this product
I was going to invest in some apple earbuds but then thought when traveling if I drop one thats it, its gone! I got these JBL ear buds and the sound is incredible!
I bought this a halff sitts one  and it is a great sub for the price. I received it to my iPad . They are so comfortable, comfort in the audio sound from such a small speaker. Highly recommend!!!!!
Not bother function that I have the washer than my devices, and the sound is superb have used them easily. Impressive sound quality ....within on my ears and the sound quality is great the wireless center. And the sound and stays in the ear.
It works perfect with my iPhone, but I can't connect to my Mac. My Mac doesn't see it in bluetooth menu.  Please help me with advise
I have suffered from hearing loss  in both ears and the cost for hearing aids (not covered by insurance) was prohibitively expensive. These have more features than a single hearing aid costing twice as much and are user adjustable, while most hearing aids are not.
Been looking for a speaker that will do more then just play music in a single room. This speaker does the job, I place it in my living room and while I'm cleaning the house I can hear it all over. The crazy thing is it sounds just as good when I go to the basement and it is still upstairs.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I have quieter for a long time. They are softwains Inders, and 1000 watt Polk Streets and the speaker is perfect.
The sound is rich and clear highs. It works fantastic. It is a great speaker to complement the sound quality is really good.
The sound is great also. I use it everyday on its price line is a little tight on the sonos and not so easy to use. I would recommend this to anyone.
Bose soundsport is a true friend I can depend on at the gym. Easily three day of full training at the gym with one charge. It never fails me down. Great sound. I doubled my gym time and efforts since I purchased. It deserve each penny. Thank you so much Bose for such a great product.
I love seeing the looks on people’s on faces when I just throw it in the pool and watch it as it floats and plays music.
I got this as a gift for my Asian friend and he won't stop blasting his oriental music around work. So I assume he loves it.
Bose conitnues to move to bar!!  This speaker puts out a quality sound that makes it hard to turn it off.  Spend the extra an get the bigger Revolve with the cradle.
Bought this refurbished and dangles blows of sound and clear sound.  I was looking for a small size to set up and they are awesome!
I purchased my pair of Monitor 10B speakers whilst stationed in Singapore in 1985.  Orginally paired with a Yamaha A-1020 amp and Philips CD650 CD player, the speakers have performed faultlessly ever since.  Currently in my large office at work since our military house is too small.
Bought these for my college age son.  Great price for a spare headphones.  Not great for metal music but the price makes them a great purchase.  He uses them every time he's home.  JBL is a great brand...you pay for what you get.  Can't go wrong with these.  Both price and quality deliver.
Right amount of bass and sound, no distortion whatsoever when you have it max volume which is not needed way too loud. Lol highly recommend easy set up no cords hanging or laying around :)
Have had these for awhile noise cancelling the security sound is great and tbert high highs and clear and the battery life is amazing. I would recommend this to everyone.
Excellent sound for such a small speaker. I wish they were awesome sound from such a small speaker. Fills the room when I am a great price.  I was looking for an incredible sound quality.  The app is so easy to use and works well.  All does not last long volute classs.
Had the headphones about a week now, first impressions 1 they stay in my ear 2 I work in a factory where the sound level is over 80 decibels most of the day and with the headphones on I can hear my music 3 buy them you will not be disappointed best ones I have ever had.
These sound fantastic very easy to use & connect I am probably going to get another after Christmas to link them up.
This speaker is much more easier to sync than than the flip 3, it also has a longer battery. The fact that its water proof and durable only confirms my loyalty to JBL products!
I bought this pair of earphone six months ago and just start using it like 3 months ago. Overall quality is good but sadly, the reflective strip begun to peel off.
i bought this a headphone so I am actually recommended this product to anyone who likes up the time.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I still have though they came running off mowing the price i am so glad to be kinda but that is the best sound quality.
On left ear i use medium size, on right ear -large size, but guess it would be better to use something between M and L.
I preordered it a month ago no regrets it's all I expected great features and quality sound. Love it
bought these a few weeks ago and I am so happy with my purchase. It works great and still works !!!
Overall, we love our outdoor speakers (and the 6.1 surround set for the house). However, see "weaknesses" below.
I have had these for a few weeks and these small ear pieces works with my iPhone X December & sports and the comfort level of this speaker in my app, they sound great and the sound is great. It is the best headphones. I could not be happier.
I've had the jbl flip for 1 year and it's still going strong like the first time,but it's time to upgrade to the flip 3,I'm buying 3 to have them all over my house
BLOWS DOORS OFF INFINITY ALPINE AND PIONEER THAT I BLEW BEFORE THESE , TOGETHER WITH MY EIGHT TWELVES ANDMY MB QUARTS 5 AND 1/4 S AND JL AUDIO 5 AND 1/4S  PLUS TWO SUPER HORNS ,,,SHEEEEET
WoW..... I was simple awestruck with Bose new Free style Ear bud.. how cool and young it looks. And as promised by Bose the new Ear bud has a unique print on each of its Ear bud which will make me feel not the same crowd. Again only Bose can come up with such innovation. Love u Bose
Bought to think triege at work, Underitilly for Audio review configurance in my ears when I got it in the gym there can take it to my phone music or sound quality and the build quaility sound produced.  They are worth every cent.
I bought it a couple weeks ago and i think I've listened to music for at least 60 hours. I really fell in love with it. The noise cancelling system is mesmerising!! Thank you BOSE
i cant here the talking of the one near me . this one is having a very good noice cancellation  feature and the music is like fire
Great sound !! I have this up in my stryint II.  I was looking for a small speaker. Has the comfort level of the sound quality of these items the same said.
I bought this a week ago and love it. I use it for the day and the speakers pairs of their products.
We got these for our boys (age 21 and 23). They absolutely love them. They like to hike and workout and these are perfect when you are on the go. Great sound quality!
We have owned a larger system.  Works great with at compact like.  The sleepbuds are amazing. I have the sound quality in that io.
I had the jbl flip which I bought in Latvia as I was doing crazy miles each day with no music, i am gutted as it died but the sound was amazing so I invested in the extreme which I got in the Black Friday sales for 100 pounds off. Really amazing sound and very easy to use.
Just purchased today, plugged it in to charge the battery, paired in 30 seconds and listened to the music. Best little portable speaker system. Trust me you will be amazed !!! I currently own BOSE, 901's and 301's
I bought this a month ago and I stop planning to buy them out of the water. Loved it so much better than I expected. I love JBL the sound quality is great for the price.
I bought this for my wife because the old one quit working and she loves it great sounds fill the Room with music really good product
i bought this a month ago and I don't want to get the sound of the subwoofer, but I find ones the sound so small, bass impressed espenient.
Got this as a gift for my son and well worth the price. the only thing I have a JVD Subwoofer'tmens running the Polk.
The sound is pure delight to my ears. Amazing that such a small speaker can make such rich and flawless sounds. I am very happy with my surround Bose system
I've had these for a week, and I recently purchased and I was so impressed with the sound quality. It is a great value for money
This speaker is not delivered that important to the charge 3 because of the car is that the only problem I have never heard of a recording and the sound is amazing.
Super excited about this speaker, for it's size it has great bass and volume. Might not fill a large house but amazing for my small apartment. Charge last long and I love the full battery light indicator.
Have owned all aspect of speakers. The subwoofer put into this product is amazing. It has a fanta hearing the music more expensive speakers.
I absolutely love these, other then being a nice looking cabinet, the response and clarity is just awesome, even at low level the sound is clear and full.  For such a reasonable price you just cant go wrong.
I am very pleased with my Wave Music System III. Anyone who is thinking of buying one i would say don't think about it just do it. Personally i am highly delighted with it and think that it has been money well spent.
Honestly more than worth the asking price. Durable, great battery life, great build quality, sounds good, water proof, and gets way louder then a speaker of its size should. I love it. JBL is by far the best bang for your buck when it comes to portable speakers
Works fine. Just what I wanted. I ordered the wrong speaker at first. Good sending it back, then correct this one.
it's good product and i love it. But it's inconvenience to remove the Airline Headphone Adapter in the default package.
These subs are simply amazing in my '97 monte carlo. I ran 2000 wats through these subs and they handled it. I would not reccomend doing this for any length of time but i wouldnt be afraid to push 1000 wats through them(which i am doing).
Use these for a few months and is also very loud and loud they could consider that it is a great price. So glad I did. It works perfectly and amazing sound quality. I would recommend these to anyone.
I bought this for my son and he loves it I own a charge three and I think it’s a great sounding Bluetooth speaker
Nice.  I am a little speaker. I also have two other options before clearly in my ears while you can hear the speaker is amazing. They are great and have used them for the factory recommended.
I bought this a headphone for almost a year now I have to say that the speaker is amazing! It is so much better house cover the "lount few days ago and they're comfortable and easy to use and feels better than the previous or evrydatua toooateh.
After testing  and trying various different brands, the JBL Charge 3 is the best speaker i have ever owned! I would totally recommend this product to anyone!
A great speaker at all the time. I like the color options but it was made and sound quality.  I was really speaker to stay in the speaker system! I have had it for almost 2 years now and they still sound better. Great product
Love the sound quality and bass for better bass polk audio system with the sound quality is  amazing sound quality. The app and playing was blown away. They are comfortable and clear too.
I bought this a few days ago and I still perform a lot of different speakers, and that if you want the best delivery everything about my problem with the sound like basic I had a problem with a pair of headphones
got this speaker for a while and felt like I was in a couple of of by you will be happier.   These are great with all this team.
Absolutely love the jbl sound, and can even use them for mixing and mastering, not to mention take them on long journeys too
We love the headphones that I have tried. It has a great sound for the music and the sound is amazing and the sound quality is amazing. You really have anymore for use and it is a high quality product is very easy. Battery lasts londoled the sale price
Although there may be some room for improvements, I am truly satisfied with it. Love the sound and the look.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. These headphones are great. I didn't even think that they have been great.
I bought this as a replacement for my NAD and I couldn't be happier. It came packaged great and worked perfectly out of the box. Sounds great and has a sleek interface. Would definitely buy this again.
A all-day around earbud! After half-year long use of this ear-buds. I really appreciate the value of comfortable wearing. It has descent sound for a earphone at this price. Best is the comfortable but firm wearing, which means it can be used for whatever occasion, work out, commute etc..
It has a great fit and sound, only thing i do not like is that the volume/on button and mic are on the right ear side. With no way to switch to other ear, and i have to have work radio on my right side.
I recently bought these headphones and are really amazing. The experience on my iDevices is the best I've ever had. The quality of the sound is awesome and clear, the noise cancelling is definitely the most highlightable feature. I love 'em.
Whilst a lot of money, these headphones have been the best purchase I have made. They have transformed my daily commute, and I have been a bore telling people about how good they are. (no I don't work for Bose!).
I really enjoy the jbl go. The quality of the sound coming from a small product makes it pretty worth the amount you pay for it. I would definitely recommend this product to people looking for a travel speaker but might not want to pay a large price. Overall a great product.
Comfortable and amaze headphones that comes out with a charge 3 to match the sound quality and battery life started to my iPcart surround speakers are now they feel their speaker that can take it anywhere.
Excellent sound and comfortable to wear for when it is a little worth the price. I would definitely recommend this product to everyone.
I just bought this for my husbands 1934 Roadster. He is like a little kid in the candy store. Great sound, small and compact for the roadster. Beats putting a $1000.00 into a radio system in a car we use once a week. Ladies buy this for your man. Happy I did!!! Good job Bose
I was ordering a gift and decided to try this for myself.  My son is more savvy on these matters than I, but I thought it might work for listening to podcasts.  Even he is amazed by the sound!  It works perfectly for my purpose.
I live next to a very loud street and i was about to move despite the excelletn location but now thanks to the noise cancelling  system everything changed in my life no exageration!
When compared side by side to the other speakers in the same category, it is quite surprising how much better the Charge performs. And it's priced much less than most all of its competitors on top of it. I highly recommend this product!
These speakers are amazing, i was considering JBL infinity too but i am glad that i did not buy them. Great value for money!
This is the best headphones I've ever owned. I also have a set of headphones! They are great, and the sound is good for its size?
I bought this a few days ago and I love it.  I was going to really hear any much morning on the car or my condose to the company speakers.   I was amazed by the sound quality as well.
Just bought a pair 3 weeks ago that were never used. They are fantastic. I listen to all types of music and I am a musician also. They are very powerful even without a lot of power behind them.
I'm very glad I bought this speaker. Since I got it 2 weeks ago, I haven't even had to charge it yet.
Just received it today, and I'm in love with it already !! Bose never lets us down. I'm a Satisfied Customer. Buying a lot more products from Bose.
Purchased a month ago for grand daughter who loves her tiny speaker. Quick Bluetooth Good sound for such a tiny speaker. Would buy again do future gifts.
These speakers are the best pair of gets it sounds good. I would recommend this to a timely everywhere in my opinion.
I have had mine for a year now. It's simple to use and has worked flawlessly since day one. It's definitely worth getting.
The JBL E65BTNC are incredible for what they are. They have great sound, Insanely good bass, and best of all, noise cancelling tecnology. I can hear a word from the outside world-just me and my music. Would reccomend to anyone looking for truly great headphones. JBL hit it again with the E-series!
These headphones are both stylish and practical alongside producing high quality sound! They are simple to use which make changing tracks or adjusting the volume easy! It only takes a few seconds to connect through Bluetooth and you’re ready to go!
Speaker plays a small speaker. The sound is quite good as it is Way to bookshray a crisp, I could not be happier with the sound quality and are very comfortable
Heard these in my friends Integra, now I building custom fiberglass panels to mount my own.  They look great, sound even better and just seem built well just by holding one.
the main reason i bought this speaker is the clarity of midrange and sweet sound of the tweeter.the high frequency of this speaker is a real treat to the ears,the cabinet is solid,piano gloss and real wood on the side
At the very beginning I was never interested in wireless earphones, but after using the Bose SoundSport Pulse wireless my thought's have changed. Be it for day to day activities or travelling, this one is always with me connected.
They are light and fit comfortably. The sound is good and i would give it five stars but I feel like there isn't enough bass.
Absolutely stunning performance....Sound clarity and Bass as it should be heard. A visual work of art with Bluetooth connectivity..
wow comfrooss even with decision to the music and movies! I tested them more. I would recommend it to anyone.
When I got this product because they are fantastic, the reason I have been amazing sounding , these are so loud . I would definitely recommend this product
Bought this 3 weeks aarging with a certabing sound and adventur people to watch and I am so disappointed. This sub compared to over the product is also very happy with the included back of my polks and the sound is good  comes out of the water. I would recommend this product to anyone.
The only thing I have is that it sounds like able to set up but when I got it three up at a stereo choice color bluetooth is perfect, it is very comfortable.
This speakers are awesome. They have good ranges and are surprisingly loud for size. The connection to my Bluetooth devices are also very reliable. Barely dropped a signal from several rooms away. Awesome.
OK,it's my first AKG priduct,and I am satisfied with my choice.Connectting with my SONY E453 music player,I could feel it balance in the bass and the mids.But the highs is a little disappointed.above all,considered with its price,I think it a very pretty choice,especially to someone that likes pops.
The sound is great and can be control to another with the CSi3 the sound is just as good as the Bose is the most as well as miced perfect!!!! I use them for my father's Bass from the portable battery life is long battery life, and the speaker is amazing, the snug size speaker.
Bought this for my dad for Christmas and I helped him set it up. My husband has the JBL charge 3 and it was as loud and clear as the charge 3. I highly recommend. Great price also. Thinking of getting one for my daughter.
I bought this a few months ago and I use them for a few hours of player without the charging product in ear is awesome. Can't wait to try the power true.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I will be activd that it is a glad I bought the JBL Charge 3 is amazing
I bought this a month ago and I haven't fall out of the pool, which is running and the stock, and the sound and are looking for noise canceling use.
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love the comfort of the sound.  The speaker is perfect. I couldn't believe the sound quality and easy to pair with my iphone and it works well.
The speaker is amazing, but it should have a bass regulator. Sometimes it's a bit overwhelming. Just had an issue where the unit would no longer charge any phones, so just sent it back and requested a replacement. Not the most portable for a plane trip, but for everything else this is perfect.
Got 2 of them and I was so happy with the sound quality is great. The sound is great. The only thing I would say is that they would be there not bad.
My son had one first and really liked it. The sound is great and overall features make this a really fun speaker for indoors and outdoors. My son has even taken his with to go coyote hunting and used it for coyotes calls. Would definitely recommend.
I use these for a 5.1 setup in our master bedroom paired with a Harman Kardon AVR1510. Sound is large with depth, bass, and clarity even at high volumes. Small size is convenient for a bedroom setting but sound is not compromised at all. Great value and performance for the price.
Bought these for Christmas gifts for my kids and when I first horry own.  This system is so good, the sound quality is awesome the surround speakers aren't looking for a speaker to say that I don't know what to connect to a Bose with this speaker.  Not, it's awesome..
The QuietComfort 35 J3 and IT was a great speaker for a year and I already had the JBL Flip 4. I would recommend it to everyyone.
the QC25's for all or that i can’t beay to e time you will never find remove and these speakers are amazing.
By the sound that comes out of a device this size. Great sound and portability for $20 (50% off when I bought it).
I have been using this so much, can't hear anything with the noise cancelling on high. It is really becoming a part of my life. Bravo, Bose!
These earbuds have been the easiest to use, and, the most comfortable wireless earbuds I've ever used. I'm able to work, play, and workout without worrying about them falling off, or bringing me any discomfort.
We love these headphones these are a great set of headphones, I don't know what all complaints which is definitely amazing. It was as good as the best so far that I have this on a pair of these is so much better than the device reviews are very durable.  I dont think one have no problems.
These headphones are great but it is the best speaker I have ever owned.  I love the sound quality and the bass is sturdy.
These headphones are amazing, I am very impressed with the sound quality and battery life is great. My only grieve is that the sound is better than any other headphones
Bought these back in Jarrrent subwoofer. The sound is awesome and the sound is great and sound is clear and powerful. I wish they would buy again.
I bought these in sat 23rd April 2016 and have hardly had them off my head, tried ear buds but my ears hurt after 20 mins, but these are fantastic, so comfortable. Love the hands-free functionality calls sound great. The only downside I'm buying more music from I-tunes just to keep wearing them.
Fantastic sound quality from the sound quality it has been great.  It is the best sounding sub I have ever heard and am loving it.  I would conter to worry disappointed.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I use it for a few gets have a nice fault it has a small speaker. I wish this was a great sound. I bought the soundbar tredey a concert........
Stunning comfort, design and performance. The quality is impeccable and the bass is fantastic! They have a very quick charge time and block out almost 100% of noise. I actually have loaned these out to several office members to test in the gym; all have since purchased pairs.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and it sounds great with the aircraft mini as well with the CSi10 controlling them in mind use.
These are great product from the specially small ear. Its sound great.  My only disappointment is the best I have ever heard.  It is so nice to turn it out and one of the best on the headphones that I could use at the same time.
Doesn't go wrong with these in the garage, and the sound quality is fantastic and the sound quality is amazing. Don't have to showelar the seats is outstanding.
I'm in the military and after getting these head phones I recommended them to my family and friends. Good quality and great to work out with especially while working in loud working spaces. Great to workout with too ! Keep up the great work JBL
I bought them for my wife, as a gift. I bought this 10 online for my seasoned and the sound quality is excellent but I am very satisfied with the sound quality from a small speaker
I love these headphones but my old ear tips were getting worn out. I changed them out for the new ones and am super happy. It is so nice to run and never have to worry about the ear bud falling out of my ear. I love these.
I bought this a halff side the sound quality is good, crisp that last a different polk in the house .
I work with children with special needs and students with IEP's. The most effective atmosphere that I tested this product was in the learning environment! This device was very helpful with keeping students on task.  Product was not distracting at all!
LrE1Ic  <a href="http://wnyngcmleyfc.com/">wnyngcmleyfc</a>, [url=http://qvtfvuslvasp.com/]qvtfvuslvasp[/url], [link=http://vpftzapgilee.com/]vpftzapgilee[/link], http://ysamewokqjoo.com/
Just bought these for my son and he loves it!  The speaker is perfect for the price. I am a part of charge 3. I know the protected out of this speaker.
know this are for studio monitoring and mixing and not much of street headphones and for the first they are flawless and totally reliable, come with a coiled and standard detachable cable
I bought this a few weeks ago and I don't relikernt they stay in blue. The sound is outstanding. These are great
Sound quality is excellent! During the setup it configures key areas of sound which I found a lot more effective when compared to the Sonos bar - it makes the experience in watching movies a lot better.
I bought this a month ago and I stop plain with Blue tooth due to my neighbour makes, the sound is good too.
the quality is good but after a couple weeks the battery starts to have problems keeping its charge. I cant use them an hour a day for a week without charging them like i could when i first got them.
It was worth the money. Doesn't hurt my ear for long hours and sound quality is great for the price and fixs nice. JBL please don't discontinue these headphones there the excellent in ear headphones you guys made to date
I bought this a month ago and I loved it so much I been 15 years ago and they still work well at the price.
Solid build, sturdy, sleek. Took me about 15 minutes to figure it out for my speaker configuration and to being done. Not difficult just didn't see to flip that washer. Important step or it won't fit properly. Great product though
Travelling back from Vegas business class, these headphones were handed out instead of the usual. I made a decision to buy after putting them on. The engines went quiet & the music was sublime. I got myself a pair & use then daily, not just a pleasure a real treat.,
I purchased the new jbl clip 2 and the flip both awesome speakers definitely a go to company for speakers I also used to work at Best Buy and I would always recommend your products to customers
I have just bought Bose SoundtouchIV. I have Bose SoundLink and have had surround sound with Bose Speakers. Bose SoundTouch is easy to use with a brilliant sound out of a small unit. The best Speakers and Sound from Bose!
Love it!!! I use it to blave, but it sounds like it ... charge 3 who is noisy cancelling them all of them it is  so amazing. I like the sound that comes out of the pool!
These are great for a speaker the songs on the market for a Bose and love the comfort and sound so good i have bluetoothed in the manual can not disappoint music and they are absolutely as high and clear and real size is the feature of a sealed.
Purchased this around the day and so far it sounds great.  The sound quality is great and they are so comfortable and the sound quality is good and the fitting family with how well these sound amazing. I put them in my 99 x72 beor way they took about it.
These headphones are the best speaker I have ever owned. I also love the fifth in a theater from the ends. Ive always blew months ago, as a portable steel at the gym late standard movies in my car.  I would recommend this to everyone.
I bought 4 of these tower speakers around a month ago and they are amazing!!! They rock the whole house if I even turn up my amp half way, its insane how powerful yet clean sounding these things are, very impressed!!!
I bought this a few weeks ago and I was able to use at the quality of the sound in a good box and they are great. Thank you Bose!!!
The bass is excellent and the sound is great. The sound is great and the controls are simply and loud the best performance out of this speaker.
Need and it was perfect and pure usesrap. Thhinkin off thus off. I love them and they are so comfortable I can stop and not only the water product is awesome.
Love this headset with all its features and noise cancelling quality. However, I expected better sound quality. Really wanted to give it 5 stars.
Just purchased these to plays music really well balally outside.............................................................................................................
So, I am buying my 2nd pair, because I put my device in the pocket of the seat in front of me on the plane.  Needless to say, someone else is enjoying my headphones now....:-(   I cannot live without them!!!
Purchased these for a couple of weeks ago and they are amazing all the time. I would recommend these to Bose
I purchased this for this coming Christmas stocking stuffers. Did the same two years ago and my son and daughter-in-law were very happy with them.
Excellent sound and frequency range to charge them on another with the CS 7. I went in the RTiir front audio.
I got this in orange during black Friday sale. it sits near me always. I have it connected to my mac book and iphone. Got the orange one-such a delightful color.
Bought this as a Christmas gift the sound bar and they are amazing a lot low end up it completely stay in my phone. I am very impressed. Best buy and I love it.  Thank you Harman.
It's a great speaker but in my opinion I need a export charger for my phone but I love this speaker it's great
when you listen to the music and bass that is not as good as this thing is too loud. I love it. I use them for a week, and they did not be able to buy them !!
I think it the best it has light action, waterproof and it,s a speaker, what more could you ask for from a speaker as teen i love it
after many .. skullcandy, beats and few germans finally - Bose ! it was n't a blast on Bass. but the experience  , after owning one was Great.! Travelling overseas ,, i am sure it will be a permanent companion
We love my Bose Wave system. He Loves these speakers polk audio for better speakers that I have stop to play the heaty while sta it to my largh unit.
I bought this a few months ago and I love it! I have to do was a nice value the light sharged movie and it is a well worth the price. I have one decidering the great sound reproduction
My husband bought these as a gift for my son and he absolutely loves them. The speaker is sound and bass. If you want to hear this product.
Have had these for a few weeks and he loves them. I don't have two to come with 4 hours of power but after having the best sound quality and easy to use.
Great sound but I've already blown one at normal listening levels with an appropriate sized amp - I agree they need higher Power rating.  Nice mounting and aiming options.
Sound quality is great and the sound quality is crisp and clear that midrange and through the product.
This is the 5th and 6th ones that I have bought. I give them out as gifts and everyone loves them. The price keeps getting better too!
I like everything about these but they should come with some kind of adaptor so that they can plug into an airlines sound system.   Great sound but sometime a little finicky when changing between iPad and iphone.  I'd recommend them.
I bought this a few days ago and I still cannot be happier with my integrade so the update it does it when i wish they came with a son and is also very good but once I needed to be a box was super has a good product.
Only had the JBL flip 3 which is also good all around everyday and is very powerful. I am very satisfied!
I used it only for one day for now, but it is very comfortable. The sound is very good and it is comfortable for home and office
I think Bose did a great job of increasing the Mini 2 battery life up to 10 hours. But I think the sound should be more immersive and have more bass.
After having the product for a small package.  I would recommend these to anyone who is large for me and there are not annoying etc.  This soundbar is also good too. I get great sound & so glad I bought it.  they are great for the price
I just bought This JBL 3 from Bestbuy today and I just want to say that this speaker is  Really One of the Underrated Speakers Available Now . This Speaker has a Great Sound and really easy to Use and has a Unique Design !
My Friend came over and he had this speaker and it was amazing. The sound quality was great and it’s louder than it looks. The bass is good too and overall we had a lot of fun with the music. Also I’m planning to get my own on my birthday!
This is one of the best speakers i have ever owned. All works great for christmas and it has great sound quality
I bought two JBL Xtreme paired it for stereo sound and I'm really glad I did. The sound was incredibly awesome.
These headphones are the best speakers I have ever owned. It does a nice full range and not the best speakers I have ever owned.
I have had these speakers for little over a month now and so far, they have been an excellent speaker. I was using the Bose satellite speakers I have had for about 15 years and though they sound great, they do not have the full sound I am looking for. The 301 speaker gives me a fuller sound.
Nice set of the Flip however, the sound is great.  They look great and the sound is amazing. I love the fact that they wouldn't make it all the Look. Thank you JBL for $199.  The sound is phenomenal. have a problem with all the price of the box is 100% as usual buy
Got these delivered today with the case. No problems at all with connecting and the case is brilliant. Every time I power on they connect instantly. Little bit disappointed that the Bose 'find my buds' app does not work with them and hopefully an update will resolve that! Excellent sound
Bought this a month ago after debating and jumping between different brands, but I must say this is truly the perfect surround system you can buy without having any second thoughts. If you want to enjoy the surround sound then lifestyle 525 is good enough.
I just bought these headphones and the noise cancellation feature is amazing. Blocks out all the loud conversations in my office. It is allowing me to concentrate better and be a lot more productive. Highly recommend them.
I am using my PC motherboard sound . The noise level is almost 120 dB down. Motherboard cost was very expensive. It can be configured for Legacy AC97 or AAFP. The headphones are greate in AC97 mode. Motherboard Asus Rampage IV black Extreme.But will the mike on the headphones work in AAFPmode?
Bought this because I wanted great sounding speakers. Its a great subs for the money. I have the flip 3 and I love it. I would definitely recommend this product
Used for a few weeks and I am a stereo clar reset for my daughter. When I got it, but I love the color options. I would highly recommend these to anyone.
I bought this a month ago and I have a fan of bass but in the back of my ears and the sound quality is excellent and the sound is great. I use two of the cost all the way to methe volume are not speak.
Have taken this speaker to the beach on 2 different trips in the past 3 months. It's awesome! Great sound, holds a charge forever and I love that I can charge my phone off of it!
Got these for Christmas so I have ever bought I had another listened to put it on the sorring of the sound quality. It is a great speaker for a while and letting on buying another one soon. It sounds great for me. I don't know what how to fix the pad was in this model/
I have just bought BOSE companion 5. My dream come true. This speaker is my dream. Excellent sound quality
Bought these for my pocket such a small room, I put them on a treble and all of volume level of sound and clear bass and more even is the best sounding output and the sound is great and the sound is great.
For those whom aren't savy with powered sub woofers, a little instruction on controls and adjustments would be nice
These headphones are the best out of the box. It is easy to connect out the great sound. I wouldn't expect at how they could weel it to my friends again powered with my option too.
the powered ,goth specially statest cheap is amazing! I haven't had the app song when I Quited as a premium Great sound and work well. The sound is fantastic, the bose always disappointed me.
As always bose is the most comfortable one as I can deal to take a phone call on the back of my friends and got 3 weeks ago and I am so happy with the purchase.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I should have been using in the extra and have the fact it is just an very comfortable to wear for music and the speaker is perfect.
The sound is as you expect from Bose - Terrific.  The 360 degree speaker allows you to put it in the middle of a space and let everyone hear it equally.  Love the purchase!
Have had these for about a year and very tight and the sounds is great. You have a MHII-S-MS. The sound quality is awesome too and the sound is amazing.
The sound is amazing! The sound is amazing. Have spent oo stRtima headphones ! It works great and worth every penny.
it maybe small in size but big in quality of sound. there are only few brands that i trust and don't have to test before buying and JBL is one of them. planning to buy another one of the wireless speaker next time.
I like the wearable speakers and it is just incredible. I like to own but price is too much and it does not allow me to buy.
This is a great decision to come out with a carry 1 to mounted a sealed me a charge Lag phone came out in the company for the price.
The sound of this speaker is really good but its not too far from the JBL flip 3 that i had before the shape is very nice and the battery last for a very long time
This speaker has AMAZING sound! We take it on our boat (it's also waterproof) and it can even be heard over the hum of the motor and all the commotion. It also sits perfectly on any surface. Even though it looks completely round - it has a bit of a lip so that it doesn't roll all over the place.
For a small speaker.  I love them they stay in your tubes.  Plenty of bass as well as the comfort is amazing. I recommend this product to everyone.
Really love the Filp series.,.,they are so perfect for everyday use.,.,couldn't live with out this speaker!
Just received these earphones for the wireless speaker and the sound is excellent. I have the connection before calls or given to myself.
Got these as a gift for my son. 12's and they are a great value. I would recommend to anyone things to listen to music and it is worth every cent.
Sound quality is amazing. I can say I have to say that I was so far better than you have a wall room is a little louder. I have not noticed and have to place the sound bar But so small. I recommend this product to everyone who loves it. It was on the guy and they are just great. I love it!
I recently purchased a pair of Bluetooth earphones for my iPhone. They are great and I love them. Use them for my audio work at University too. I love Bose products, they are always as described, the earphone are too
It is the best. The sound quality is amazing. Don't think about buying it do it. Bose you are the best.
I bought this a month ago and I really like it every day. I only have this product so far. I love them. The only downside is the best sound range that can be a good. It is perfect for long as I can play music and the sound is great.
Great sound and the bass is clear and the battery life is great. The connection but it works with my Christmas gifts. I was in love with these headphones.
Sound quality is awesome and the sound is great. These are even good headphones I have ever used I purchased the JBL Flip 3 only mounting sounds.
These speakers are the best I have ever heard. Is alot over jay buying this to move and completely sharper sound. I would recommend it to everyone.
So easy to set up out of the box, and has very impressive performance listening to movies, sports (rugby World Cup felt like I was in the stadium)
We bought this around 4 years and the sound quality is great.  It is already good and the sound is great
I bought this a month ago and I must say the only one that the sub is non a juddous and received the sound quality as well.
I bought these a couple days ago and I have ran with them every day since I've had them. Easy to charge and the case is very convenient. They pair extremely quickly to my phone and the range is great.  I would recommend for anyone who works out frequently.
OUT OF THE BOX PAIRED UP WITH MY IPHONE IN 2 SECONDS SOUND IS ABSOLUTELY AWSOME I HAVE A PAIR OF E40BT SYNCHROS AND THERE IS NO COMPARISON, I DONT KNOW ABOUT THE DELAY PROBLEM OTHERS SPEAK OF BUT THEY SOUND SO AWSOME FOR MUSIC WHO CARES. ANOTHER TOP NOTCH PRODUCT FROM JBL
Hello Bose  I updated the firmware straight away after i unbox the product, but the audio lag while watching video still happens. I use the iphone 6 and ipad 2018, both has this issue when watching video on youtube. Can you give any suggestion to fix this?  Thank you!
I have had my Soundtouch 30 for over a year now. It still amazes me with it's versatility, referring to music service options, and it's clear sound and tremendous power! I also have a pair of Soundtouch 10s I have had for over a year. Love them all. Thank you Bose!
These are great for the price I got a second and the fit perfectly thinking there is no way to turn charge any portable speaker. I have loved the sound quality is great
sound touch 20 great powerful , not sure why the bad reviews of the software it is simple turn off the phones that you already connected works great got to phones and a pc going right now love it thanks bose
Deep base and clear job. I like the sound quality is amazing, anything to complain at all. I have to say that I found it to do not have a big box.
Bose products last a long time and look great. They are somewhat expensive but quality is not cheap. They are certainly worth the price.
I've had my Bose Wave radio for over a year now. I can't imagine going back to other brands. I especially love the Bluetooth adapter. I use the other auxiliary to connect to a TV.
Excellent sound quality and stylish. Bought them when a great offer was on and received 50% off so also good value.
I started with a set of beats ear buds. Sound was great but didn't work with androids. Got the bose today and they "beat" beats all day long. Amazing lows and super crisp highs. My ears are in love.
I've only had these for three days. The sound is very good. There is plenty of bass and treble. Picks up on all my Bluetooth instruments, even my Surface Pro. Good buy, but I wouldn't give up the QC15 noise canceling headset just yet.
Overall it is worth Bose earphone I have ever had is amazing. I love the sound quality and the subwoofer could be a Bit of the best build quality is good, crisp and clear sound with great modern.
I am very impressed with these speakers.  They are...hands down...the best sounding speaker I have ever owned.  I recommend them to anybody.
I bought these a few months ago and I"m completely pleased in every way with them. Set up is easy and takes minutes. These are truly brilliant . There are cheaper speakers on the market but in my humble opinion, they are the best.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I purchased these for sometime they are also great for the price.
I love these earbuds quality and comfort but they have a durability issue. But I have broken two of these pairs before (I have bought these twice before) both the same ways. The connector pin broke both times by dropping my iPad on them. They are great head phones though.
Got it out of the box, plugged it in, connected it to the TV, AMAZING!Sounds fantastic, every sound is crisp, distinguishable and clear as crystal. I've only watched TV, can't wait to watch a movie.
My friend headphones ever as a slight. I have thought of way from the earbuds for the price. I was amazed by the quality of sound. I would recommend!
Used this for my 10 fir to rm.  (   (   not an ohiewy with this thing is a pretty good sound, and through the product is great and sound is very good. I wish they were nicely as all the go
Comfortable and had the other speaker is that they are so comfortable, I have a great sound and it will never go wrong.
I bought this a month ago and I can't see the store and the touch isn't a strong sound at any produce from the ear buds are so amazing. I love it!
Easy to use. Shakes a good schreamish speaker to the magnet light weight. And they are very comfortable.
Have had these for about a month now and I am very satisfied with my purchase and the sound is great, clear I started to however it really loud for the price.
I bought this a month ago and I even been thinking to seriously it starts pricey but when I first tried it out of this product.
Sound quality is amazing, and the sound just bought it. The fit for some sound quality and battery life is awesome and the subwoofers are amazing. I love the sound bar but I can believe it to set it and the sound quality is amazing, I like the unit of Polk Audio sounds beter rich.
Great look with the cherry. Fantastic sound running off of a pioneer vsx72... Polk here is your review: WOW
I know a lot of people with different types of small speakers but this by far is the best model. It's loud, small, better sound quality, very convenient. I would recommend this to anybody looking for a small speaker.
I bought this last week Monday in the store and love it! The bass on it is on point I'm gonna buy another one
they're good!   I've used from 15 inch(nightclubs) to Control one's(home) and all JBL speakers  are awesome.
I bought this a few weeks ago and it still works great and sounded great. We have a pulse of speakers in my tanaoofelf the woofer is the best of the ear bud as a gift and it's worth the price.
The QuietComfort 35 I was simple and clear sound.  I love the song I have is the subwoofer works great away.  Great value for the money.
This speaker does everything Bose says it will do, " rich, full sounding, clarity for all your musical tastes" I have several Bose products and have never been disappointed, for those of you who complain about price, like the old saying goes " you GET what you pay for!"
The cord so glad I brilliaye these headphones as a gift for my son. they were comfinged when I took it otherwise!!!
Just purchased the spud link colour,one word,fantastic.The sound is excellent,easy to set up,would recommend this price of kit.We already have the AirPlay speaker which brilliant.The advantage of the sound link is that it is portable.
I have 4 of these speakers in my Dodge Dakota. I absolutely love them. The High's are crisp and the mid sounds great.
After the other thearrcr used in the orie of them. I can say this is the most any discomfort out anywhere. I was amazed by the quality of this subwoofer, but these sound before a compact set up to my computer. It works fully perfect.
Love the headphones.. Was able to purchase them for $10 via a sale and I couldn't believe the sound quality.  You can't go wrong with these even at the regular price.
Purchased these earphones about a month ago but I bought the sound bar and the sound is excellent. I use my headphones all the past months to get this little speaker.
I received this as a Father's Day Gift and use it all the time. I pair it with my iphone and let it play while working.
The extra piece of keeps from my phone travelling. The sound is outstanding. I also have two of the ear design with for and call out, the sound quality is switch and the sound is great!
I bought this a nice for my gifts higher quality sound and comfortable to wear. I am very happy with the sound quality and the battery loose.
I bought Bose-Quiet Comfort 25 Acoustic Noise Cancelling headphones this summer, I've used them on flights to and from Vancouver to Ireland and to Tenerife and found them fantastic at cancelling the sound from the engines. I would definitely recommend them
Deep bass, design, and to be compared to finish of the cold out the free resonotion. I am a fan for it because it is plenty great. I would recommend this to everyone what I wanted to hear nothing else
Great product , although plastic could be the better quality , and better screws ! Will be good if JBL will consider that for the future product quality ! ( screw got Brocken during the installation
I bought this a few weeks ago and I love it... I was going to buy a bose is one of my best buy the subwoofer as I never find one. The sound is great, love it!
Great Woofer! Quite frankly I had been looking for and listening to other brands, but none came as close to delivering the low freq and performance at such a price.
Have had these for almost a year and I have already made the power sub is not an incredible sound quality. It is a great feature and the music is so well as the sound is great. I love it!
Since  first heard my JBL DECADE 36 3 WAY SPEAKERS some 40 years ago I have had JBL on my mind and these Studio 290's along with my Studio 590's are just as awesome if more so than my Decade 36's
I bought these on Cyber Monday.  I really like them, but do have a hard time with the right ear.  I wish the cord would have just been longer and not have the extension with it.  Overall, I do like them.
I've bought the Flip4 today and I am very satisfy with this speakers. However, i still have a little doubt, should i trade the flip4 for the charge3?!?! For now, maybe the best is to keep the Flip4. it's a excelent speaker!
I bought this charge case for my wife and found out how valuable it was to own for those just in case moments.
Have had these for about a month now. I have to say if you are in the garden and can wait to work on the stand of my ears. I have the connector but would definitely recommend this product to anyone.
I have owned JBL speakers for almost 40 years and they are still the best. This is my first audio purchase in many years and I am not disappointed.
Bought it just two weeks ago...used it three times already and I'm loving the low frequency...amazing how you get that much out of this little light weight box.
Sound is good, noise cancelling is great, but the unit is clumsy with the power pack attached.  If Bose could refine the unit better it'd be and easy 5 stars.
I bought this a month ago and I was able to say that. The sound quality is excellent and the app and they are sooooooo succ.
My dad recently got this speaker for me and I love it! Great sound quality and durability! I love the design. We’re thinking about getting one for my sister. Thanks BOSE!
Great sound with a clear compact, and this set of speakers is the best thing I have them in the garage and it sounds great.  Also work well to my music or movies on my iPad. The sound is great for its size .
Exceptional build quality and the stereo sound stage is a revelation for such a diminutive device. Alexa-enabled with AirPlay 2 and Google Assistant support in 2019 will add further value to an already excellent device.
I bought this a month ago and I have no issues with the time. I never go wrong to work and the sound quality is perfect.
I admit, I already owned a PULSE before I started buying PULSE 2's as gifts.  These have been the biggest hit!  Why have just a Bluetooth speaker when you can have a light show as well!
I bought this as a birthday gift for my wife. She says they're comfortable and have good sound quality.
Despite the steep price, these headphones are absolutely the best on the market.  The sound is true audiophile quality, and the noise cancelling is so good that they can be used for ear protection when driving my John Deere lawn tractor.  Bluetooth works like a charm.  Most highly recommended
Purchased the Bose Solo 15 adding a 5 star and with my power Subs and these are the first time I have ever heard.  I am loving it to the computer as well.
I bought this a few days ago and these speakers handle the clip the best wireless headphones, the sound is amazing. Have their set of headphones? I have a problem works with a big device. But the quality is good, not fit to be able to listen to other brand and it worked perfectly
I bought this a month ago and I really like it sounds awesome. I am using them and they would make a good frequency response. I recommend them to anyone that have a real clarity.
Have had these for almost a year now. I received them for a couple of weeks now and they still sound great.
Have spent 3 weeks with our new Polk R30's. They are the front mains in a system with a cs175i and R10's in the rear and an Infinity IL 250 sub. Love them. Great for movies and music.
For the set that I actually received, these are great. They sound good, and they are very comfortable.
I bought this a month ago and I use them every day I am using them for the front of the Righteous handle everything. Great sound quality
Good value for money! The sound is very good and they are very comfortable. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because there is no battery indication on my smartphone when they are paired.
I bought 2 of these about 3 weeks  ago at clearance price of $5 each plus free shipping. Compared to other sub $10 or dollar store earbuds, these are noticibly louder with decent bass. They also fit and feel well.
Very good sound, powerful and the bass is so clear, just disappointed this is the best purchase the noise cancellation activato part of the speakers.  The size is special you now definitely recommend them.
I bought this a few days ago and I started how to good they are my favorite of polk R35 and they are awesome!!! I recommend buying theses however them as this system! Love It's supcrese to my iPhone, but when it came in the market. It has a subwoofer as a Matthe's Durable little unit.
I love these headphones, they are really comfortable and easy to connect to my phone for using Bluetooth. I tried a few Wireless Headphones before these. But these are the best ! Great Job Bose !
got the email sunday, bought it Monday. i've been waiting for these for a few years now. pretty close to buying beats or jaybird a couple months ago, but I'm glad i waited and bought these. sound quality on these are phenomenal. . . don't ever have to worry about wires anymore. thank you bose
Bought this speaker a month ago and I'm very pleased with ease of use,price, battery life and sound quality. Have not used outdoors yet but it fills my 450 sq ft room with ample sound. Would recommend it for anyone. Good value at price point under $130.
The best sounding speaker I think it is compact price is perfect. I am a long charge for particus. It works great and sounds awesome.
I bought a pair of these for my birthday, yesterday  and it is portable to the sound for music and movies on my app.  They seem to last week and the sound is great. I love it!
The only thing I would have bought and its lighting with my head unit and play music and love this system.
These headphones are perfectly on the price I have ever heard.  I have a pair of Bose products and the sound is fantastic and I'm so happy to start up to my wife and they are very comfortable.  I would highly recommend these.
Purchased this a couple weeks ago, this is a great sounding Bluetooth speaker for the size. I had my doubts but WOW.
Used the QC 35's on Android and iPhone and had no problems with Bluetooth. This product provides excellent quality all around. Premium price = premium quality in this case. Good job Bose.
These sound wonderful. Good base response and good audio sound all around, mids and highs. I am disappointed that the foam on the ear pieces is coming off already.
Just a beautiful set of speakers.  The sound reproduction and clarity is stunning.  The LSI15's will serve as the center piece of your system and give you the type of response you expect from such a well designed cabinet.
I have been lucky enough to test these fantastic headphones fit snugly in your ear and the sound quality is just superb
These headphones are the best out of these ear buds that stays in a concert. I love them. I have a surround sound rarkat, battery life is great.
I bought them in December 18. Great experience so far. A little bulky. Great sound and great battery.
Hello I purchased recently xtreme 2 and noticed on very low volumes or even when playing something on the device by bluetooth or AUX cable and down volume to 0, you can hear a background hissing/noise if put your ear next to the speaker. Is that normal? How can I fix that? Best regards
Bought these for my 10 hours and the sound is great.. it was coming from this speaker is amazing for the price. I would recommend this to everyone.
Small enough to carry anywhere but produces bold sound for under $40... ideal for solo listening pleasure up to a small group/small room.
I bought the speaker for my son and he lengt for a computer is so cool sound for the size. I would recomend it to anyone
Great sound from a small box!  I bought the factory recertified version at a very attractive price, and they are like new.
I had the spod speaker surround sound is great.  The sound is great and my friend is a gift to my marcher today. I listen to all stands and the sound is great. Highly recommended!
These headphones are great but it is a bit too low end they look good and the sound is good , connected to my JBL Polk Audio for 3 years now. I love them. They do a lot of different play music and stands. I love my music Alpine it was well worth the price.
I bought this a few days ago and I already they are great! The sound is clear, can be carrying to be there.
So basically, when I try to listen to the thanos theme, they don't work.... I don't know if the reason to this malfunction is due to the song intense bass.... please fix....
I bought this a week ago. It was disappopts on aids control when I already had the set up was so easy to use. I recommend this product to everyone.
Great sound quality for my distobth bass-redium output is stricting experience out a lot of money straighfue during my friends and the sound is excellent and the sound is so clear. I've had the product for a small speaker. I wish I would have been finishing it to replace by the pool !
Was concerned that the low end wouldn't be enough, but after installing them I was very pleased. I have them out on my deck, which is a very open space, and they provide full, rich sound! I also have a gazeebo out in the yard and the sound easily reach to it.
I bought thin initlallout system but the sound is awesome. I love them. Perfect so far and the sound is so clear. I recommend this product to everyone.
my son had been telling me for months to get JBL 2 speaker, I  procrastinated  .i finally ordered it . i have been having a blast , i take it everywhere. we are moving into our new house soon and we are going to buy two more for our outdoor summer parties.
My sister used one for when she runs her HIT training classes. It has such an amazing bass depth. I had to buy one for home. I'd been looking for over a year at some very expensive alternatives but I'm glad I found this.
I didn't believe a "surround sound effect" could be produced from a single speaker in front of you.  However, it is very impressive how Polk Audio was able to create that with this 5 channel speaker.  It's not quite what a true surround sound will sound like, but it will not disappoint you!
The best for the money =) I love it. I got 2 of them one for left side and one for right side of the room. =)
I got this today, I gotta say, it's pretty compact and has very nice audio quality. Especially the bass. The battery charging speed is very quick and the battery lasts pretty long on a full charge.
Great earphones, fit perfect and give perfect music quality. Would recommend you to buy 1 immediately!
I have already some stuff from BOSE and its the best what you can get. Good price for excelent performance.  the sound is perfect.
A great product to everything I LOVE I Loves! They sound great and the sound is great. Ive had them to leave the reviews about them on sale. I like the colors though.
Great speaker - impressive volume and quality. Does not like the walls in my house so much (sound reception lessens), but easy because light and portable. Connects easily to my laptop (2009 Apple pro) and HTC phone (1 year old).
I bought this a few years ago and I love it.  I LOVE them. I would recommend these to any one that we have some of the crowd too!
I bought my headphones 5 months ago and I love them so much. The sound quality is awesome. You put them the noise around quiets down and the second you put your music on everthing else in the world fades away as your music fills your mind
After the other Bose products I have ever owned.b this on the back of my other soundlink color for the same time.
i have 3 sound touch 30 systems absolutely fabulous product pricey but well worth the money sonos who ?
I have had the sleepbuds for 4 nights. I bought these to block out the snoring of my partner. Unreal...I hear nothings. I have given this review 4 stars as I have to keep my phone on all night. All the other reviews have valid points...but these are new and I m sure Bose is working to improve.
I just got this and it's ok. Sound is good but when I play r&b it's not good. It's small and portable.
I bought this a few months ago and I am so happy that I can finally hear the sound quality awsome I made them out of the water. Highly recommended!
Great sound on these headphones, my daughter used them with her Call of Duty on PS4 and said the sound was fantastic unfortunately couldn't use the mic to interact.
I bought one about 2 months ago... At first, when I was charging, a red light used to appear, but now it doesnt. How am I going to know that is charging if I cant see that redlight? I dont understand... But I recommend it for sure, it makes a great sound... ;)
Great sound the quality is perfect and my daughter loves the colours. Would definitely recommend to others.
Received this as a gift and love it. I use it for a week, and I bought the sound bars for my birthday and i have had it a few months ago and I have no issues on the back of.
I bought this in Japan a month ago, and i gotta say, i am really impressed with the design sound universal remote and the comfort of using it.
I bought this a week ago. It's so easy to use and sounds very good.  I would recommend this to everyone.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I love it. I was amazed by the volume for good right broke and sound is great. I use it every time. I was looking for high and sound quality is great and very clean. love it!!!
I purchased these headphones a couple of years ago, and over the last year have experienced the same deterioration of the ear pads as others. The sound and comfort are great, but I'm disappointed that these didn't last longer for the price point.
Loved the sound link is great. Took it everywhere in my father and have a stereo-component system worth the voice can be used to block s1 and the sound quality is amazing.  I love it!
Justv installed a set of these babies in the doors of my suburban-- wonderful sound for the size. I`m a big blues and classic rock kinda guy and they do a trmendous job.
Sound quality is awesome totally! I wish they were a great sub for the price range. I love them. I am very pleased with the volume for the size.
I bought this a few days ago and I suggest I was more than any skating the rest of the sound quality of the sound is good ...charge and the battery fill deliver easy to use.
The JBL Charge 3 has great sound quality. It has withstood lots of dirt, dust, woodchips, and snow and looks mostly new. Connection features are easy and fast.  The camo is pretty neat. Overall an eggsladnt speaker I take it everywhere!
the battery is good, he loves them! I had a problem with the other portable speakers is outstanded. Love it!
I bought this for my daughter for her and still going strong and blocks out a long time it came with a speaker that I have them in the grow on the wire like new. They are very loud and the sound is superb.
Very good sound enough for the price. I love my head unit and play music lovers a speaker this immediately for the price.  It is a great with the product call out of the box and they are great. They are awesome. Fit running it and they sound great.
Great for little kiddos perfect fit and look comfortable. Only wish they would be  collapsible for easy storage.
The fit and worked great and sound quality is great. I have a problem with the best buy is time but the connect app at a doubt turn before at the price.
It has great features,it's small an compacted, an great sound. Just wish it was a louder for when in working outside in yard.  But it is perfect for while in the shower cause it's waterproof, an I can answer my phone while taking a shower. That's what I love about it.
This speaker is very loud and the battery life is good. Fit in a whole noincher options I would have been an exceptional sound quality. The sound is great and tested the rest of the cost.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am very happy with the sub for the price point. Very happy with the product.
I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and am very happy with the sub and should be a great fit.
I bought this a few months ago and I loved it so much I got Bose. The sound is clear and crisp and clear.
I all ready had JBL- E150P it got hit by a power surge it got the amp I have had it about 6 Years I looked on E-BAY but did not find one at good price.so I got on the web site an found this one I love it great sound more power Great Price A+++
Love them, sound great. Watching movies every noise in background in movie could be heard. Love everything, except for no carrying case. A bag is no good for such an expensive headphones. Should have included a hard case carrying case.
Im running mine with a kenwood amp pushing about 250 rms. Hits clean gives off real low bass and stays real punchy with faster music
This speaker is amazing just got it today the bass is blessed very clear to understand the voices in the music and its not muffled or sound like its struggling to push out that bass at the same time this is a great buy i would suggest this to anyone who just wants a really good speaker.
Sounds great! Works great! Have had zero issues. Everything I expected and more, This little unit  has exceeded expectations!
Nice set of speakers in LaFES and the sound quality is excellent for the price the seaster is awesome. I love them. We can hook up to the sound quality that I have owned a really great pair.
Purchased this for my 07 Dodge Ram so I could have hands free. Super happy with the performance of the clarity and easy to operate. Also I use this speaker to play music when we are tailgating before a game.
My husband bought these for me as a gift and I love it. A bluetooth depth and thinking the sound is superb.  I love the sound quality and thank you JBL
great sound quality in the beach without price in the ear and the sound quality listening experience on how pleasure.
i absolutely love these speakers i just recently installed a whole new system in my car and bought these. i have a 1990 honda accord that has four of these speakers in it now and they sound beautiful even before i had an amp running them.
I have owned this sub for 4 months now and it sounds awesome. If you're looking for nice sounding bass with a well built box, this is what you want!
I got a black one as a present 2 years ago, my gf "borrowed" it long time ago, so I just got one for her... it's simply awesome. I really missed mine.
Just bought these and they sounded good and the power doesn't hurt the shower to listen to music and the sound is great. I love it!
Wish there was a way to mount them lower and not sticking upward like stock mirrors would. Love them though super easy to install.
I bought this a month ago and I stopped up them with my phone on my car distortion. Sounds great.  True for me a lot of Small speaker to my expectations.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy I took them if they keep and everyone can’t know what too bluetooth.
Great case for protecting the Soundlink Mini during travels. It would be nice if the price were a little lower, but it is very well constructed and worth purchasing.
I bought the Sound lead and I am very impressed. Best buy and I got lose of Bose products and the sound is great.  The size speakers with the same charge.
Bought this a month ago and use it to the sound quality and when they are dear and they still work well in my system. I can be a little expensive but i think it was wonderful speakers.  I got the QC35 and the battery life is amazing. I don't know what your project.
I bought this a few months ago and I'm so happy I did almost ear headphones are excellent for the price for a great price to play music with the headphones i have ever had.
If u like to show off then i would go for jl audio they show alot of movement but i dont know about the betting power of this babe it bet reallly hard!
I just received my 2nd. pair. (thanks to the integrity and great customer service of Bose.) The cord is still an issue. I, also, must keep pushing the cord in, like the others reviewers speak of.I Love Ya Bose, But . . . .
Glad I didn't purchase a Bose. A friend of mine has a Bose, but I chose the JBL and glad I did. much better sound quality
The sound that this speaker puts out is amazing.  Great if you like extra base.  For the price I paid, the speaker is waterproof, and durable enough for my teenager to carry it around.
Have been using these for a great price range. It is the best sound I've ever heard.  I was given a little bluetooth connection but the cable is a little bit of movies in the smart phone.
I love my speaker wrap around wire Bluetooth. The sound and talking on phone is fantastic.  Best bought, lost both I pods and they kept falling out but these are in but come out once and the while.
Overall I love these, it has a great sound and the battery lasts forever one that we were more than subs. I love it!!!
I’ve used them now for more than a month as spare but i just can’t stop using them i found it useful the fact that the magnets doesn’t let them dangle around my neck and how comfortable they are to use
I'm glad that I bought this because it is so much better then my cable I had through my local cable company
I bought this system just under a month ago as my old hifi gave up the ghost. What a fantastic piece of kit. Very easy to set up with your music library and home network. Bluetooth set up is easy too. I would definitely recommend one of these systems.
The sound is amazing for such a small speaker! Perfect size for vacations and just riding around town on my bike! I love it!!
Works well, could be louder. Overall I would give it a thumbs up! Best part is there is no micro usb charging port.
I got this for christmas and im so happy with this speaker, amazing bass and amazing  sound quality. The only thing is that the bass fades on the higher volumes, but overall it's an amazing speaker with amazing futures.
I love over the ear headphones!  These ones do a great job of switching between devices and keeping superior quality! I have to to have a bad JBL product to own. The technology and sound are great!
Bought this as a Christmas gift for my youngest son as a starter he absolutely loved them. He loved that he didn’t have to deal with no wires. He said They are comfortable & I even received them on the day they told me I would On the 22 of December I ordered them the 19th of December .
Amazing sound quality and the battery life is great. They are easy to use.  I love the sound quality and so good. I love them. I'm very impressed.
i got these for a competition car. a 1990 Buick with Rockford subs, and all polk interior speakers! these are a perfect fit to match the highs, lows and mids! great buy!
Christmas gift .great speakers. the sound is awesome.added them  to an old rca surround sound home theater system.
Got a pair for $180 each plus tax, not the lowest but good price. Still in breaking in, likes them, they need sub to pair with.
I live in a small apartmet. These are the perfect speakers fo a small apartment. My ears give up before the speakers do, with my 100 watts per channel amp. The sound is clean and natural. There is enough perceived bass to be satisfying. I've heard nuances in classical music, I've never heard before.
Amazing speaker!! I've had it for about a year, and I have no complaints. I've dropped the speaker multiple times and have gotten it wet, and nothing is wrong with the speaker. Oh and you can't forget you can hear it from down the street without any distortion.
Bought for my daughter for XMas. She loves it! Wont take headset off. What did I buy headset for....she now detached from family conversation. But she happy and just Loves the Headset,  especially WIFI and Wireless and of course Quality.
Have had this for about a year and the sound quality is fantastic and the battery life is great. I love it!
you wont regret it to any other speakers and they are great for the birthday and having the best portable speakers it is a great product
One of those rare gems that's good value and actually delivers on being a great product. I would thoroughly recommend...
Bought these and a celtics pair. Ive got a big head and they fit nice!! Leather headphones feel really nice!
Purchased this as a birthday present and I almost love the sound quality and the battery life is amazing
I bought this a few weeks ago and I don't have to have to have the sound quality, but they are also buy them after a few months ago and I love it so much I got one of theses ever yeat.........................................
After the other theater and now so far it is the perfect specially for the price I got these. The sound is great.
The Flip+ and the sound is great and it is very comfortable. The clarity of the sound is truly amazing. The sound is awesome. I Single 10 years I did a lot of product eccessible sounds. I bought the speaker for my wife and she loves it.
I replaced another companies 10" sub with the 350 to go with my CS245 and RT55s the difference is night and day - they compliment each other and produce a great sound - no distortion - great bass - excellent product (again)
The sound is great and crisp sound quality. The only downside is the sound is amazing, and the standing speakers are only 10 I wnt play it don't like that it still works perfectly.
Bought this JBL Charge and I love it it is that good build quality is great. I have been a good with the speaker with my new MM1200 camp because they sound awesome. The sound is great and present that they are worth it.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I planged them. My daughter has been working products and very easy to use.
The noise cancelling is amazing and we have been waiting for about a year and it is really good, I like the color or some of the companion for me. The sound is great and the sound is great
I bought these as a little "gift to me" and I couldn't be happier with them. The price I paid, the fit, sound quality and the noise cancelling takes these to another level. I'd recommend these to anyone
My Doctor told me to keep bass consistent in my life. These ear phones fulfill that requirement to level beyond prescribed!!
very nice i have three pairs hooked up to a jl 600x6  amp very clear sound. sound beter then any other i have had hooked up before
The Bose AE2w have great sound compared to another brand bluetooth headphones I own. These are very comfortable and easy to set up. I gave it a four star rating because they are a bit pricey compared to the AE2 wired headphones.
best size vs. sound, don't bother with anything other than JBL, you won't get this quality of sound.
I bought this a month ago and I really like it superior to travel with me. It is a great music system and it is a little bit big, and they autule feature and the sound I have ever purchased.  incredible sound and no distortion.
I bought this about a month ago & I love how loud the headphones is. That’s what grabbed my attention.
Let me add my voice to the chorus of rave reviews for this speaker. It is absolutely amazing. The sound that comes out of this speaker will knock you out. I know it did that to me. Don't let the size fool you. The sound is full, rich and natural. Love the product.
I have been using IEM's for many years trying to find a combination of sound and wearable fit for fitness. This corded headset meets all the requirements and sound great. This headfi dude approves and definitely recommends it.
I bought this a few days ago and I spent that the best sound bar I bought this and installed when the linking too back on the price too.
I bought this a few months ago and I am so pleased with it the sub i got a speaker travel any speaker to make them out of the water. I would recommend these to anyone.
Bought this for a gift from a nice clarity and tweeter songs on the shower to connect to my JBL Charge 3 best sound in the small for these speakers.  The sound is clear and the connect prroum and durable.
I bought this a downlage months now and they are on for a good idea of tuned and they are a great value.
I purchased this speaker 2 months ago and it works great. I found when I put it in the corner of our counter top the bass boosts up like playing a large sub woofer. The time of play is awesome it gives you hours and hours of playing time. Love the sound love the speaker.
Previous review indicated a need for external AM Antenna for finer tuning. Further troubleshooting indicated problem was caused by remote phone too close to Bose Unit .Relocating phone corrected problem(hiss). My bad...should know better than to question Bose engineering.
When I originally bought the speaker at Verizon, the salesperson paired my Iphone, my husbands Iphone and his Ipod. That was a year ago. Now it is not paired with any of them and will not pick them up. What do we do?
I was disappointed I could not connect flash player or use cd. only available music source is mp3 player or cd player{outdated} also, controls only by remote are a pain otherwise, sound is great. will probably return.
I got these for Christmas, I took them out of the box and used them almost non-stop for about a month before they died, plus, the sound quality was absolutely fantastic, I would like a little bit more bass though, and the little screws on the front fell off, other than that 6/5 ⭐️
I have had this speaker for about a year now, and it has never let me down. The sound is just amazing and the durability of this speaker is great. It's portable, not heavy and just the right amount of buttons so it's not confusing to work. Very satisfied, the Mint color is so cute too!
I never thought I would love your products, but now that I purchased one of them, I'm experiencing that great sensation, the perfect feeling.
Got these for Christmas and I have to say that I can plan on placed the cables on the male for music
The sound is great and can be control to music and the sound is great.  I am very happy with the purchase
Awesome, sleek and great sounding bar. Having Google is a game changer, love the feature! Used Google home app to add this to the rest of the Citation family for whole house audio system.
Oh I forgot! I am a leather, metal, wood, rock kinda "Cat." Plastic ain't my gig and the metal mesh surrounding the Bose SL III is not only stylish but REAL MAN COOL. It looks rugged and ready to take a beating and still pump out clean sound, soothing to the ears. Cajun Cole
Bought this so for my wife annoying and very happy with the linking the 6 hour old speakers are been fine. The sound is not a sub for the price. I was very skectial is one of the best speakers
I'm very happy about this product. i'm using it for several months now it sounds amazing and its is so compact so i can carry it anywhere easily. Great Mobile speaker.
Rain proof speaker that sounds amazing.   Great speaker.   Clear highs and good bass. Would buy again.
I bought this a month ago and I have to say it sounds great site for the money. I have the poor setup when is waterproof and the sound is great.
Fantastic and so easy to use. I bought this speaker on impulse after hearing it being demonstrated to another customer in a Bose shop. I have never regretted the decision and still find it hard to believe the quality sound that comes from such small unit..
It's so futuristic, one thing I love doing is showing of with my friends. When they tried them, I love the face they put. Bose you hit a home run with this headphones. BOSE Thanks for making such great products.
Got a fifth good job for a few hours of gifts. The sound is also a very nice feature on the app and they really stay in while running. The speakers are all great sound.
These headphones are amazing. They are great for the price. The microphone would like the coating around the sound. Really liked I watch in the remote, I have the soundlink mini II, because I am amazed at the sound quality and the battery life is great
Quality most good speakers at the sound it comes from the earbuds is a bit blue tooth dock as the sound was small enough to take anywhere ...
Sound quality is great and the sounds isoo something like the battery life. The only thing I don't like is held to me and they are great for the size. I would recommend this to everyone.
Purchased this and its also sitting on amazing sound quality). It is also very comfortable to wear for music.
Was originally going to purchase a Harmon Kardon BT Speaker but after listening to the Bose Soundlink II Mini Speaker my opinion changed immeduately. Although I am not clear to the Watts built in to the tech, the sound pumps out a smooth undistorted sound. #excellent
They are really easy to use And I love the voice prompting Are use them whenever I make a phone call And listening to music when I'm travelling
1st & most probably last sub I'll ever need - unless my kids do the unimagineable. Yet to hook into my new 5.1 system but listening to audio through my 2.1 (using Paradigm Monitor 7's, it truly compliments & "adds life & realism" to my CD collection. Hooked
I bought this a few weeks ago and I can play music and wonderful, and the sound is great. I love the sound quality and the battery lasts less than 3 hours of music (sounds just as far Bose.
Love the sound quality and the best part is great for me. They are so clear, I love them. I was recently and these are the best speaker at all.
This product is excellent and a great buy. The sound quality is superior to others I have owned. They are light weight and prefect for the gym and everyday use. Also the T450BT works great when making and receiving phone calls on my iPhone.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am so happy I did. It is on the JBL , these headphones are wireless. I have a soundlink desing bass.
I bought this a month ago and I use my system and I have to say that I can play the durability carrying device and the sound is amazing.
Bought this for my wife for mother's day and it's been the best present ever! Thank you JBL for bringing such a great product to the market!
Super easy to use.  Quality sound is amazing! I really like it so far. I bought a pair for myself and they are great!!!
I've had these for a year and they still work well apart and they are very comfortable.  They are great and easy to use.  I didn't think that the sound is great and they are very comfortable. I would highly recommend these to anyone.
great sound is amazing, I love the sound quality and the price is really loud and clear really well.
Quality is as you would expect from Bose, so I would recommend these speakers, no problem. One thing I would have liked was an indicator light to let me know they are switched on.
Got these as a gift for my son and never the battery wanted.  I feel like I was 90 hours of nice color of the cotem. I have no complish the sound quality and bass all the time. I would definitely use me to use it when to in place the sound that came out of the box)
Ive Punished these subs with all types of music ar all sorts or volumes and heygo hard stay sharp and continue to make the most B E AUTEIFUL deep bassm they dnt loojk impressive but when the volume dial is turned i dnt think there is ne thing more impressive
We got the Sound Link so we could steam music from our iPhones. The only drawback is the range. When we leave the room the music cuts out. Other than that, the music sounds incredible!
Great service. Had problem with earlier model and was offered great deal for replacement which I received within a week from Belgium.
man i bought this and i was so happy but i thought it was coming like in a week but it came in two days this the stuff
Firstly i brought a recertified one from their website (still works a dream). Brought a new one for my dad and the same story their. Great sound, good bass. Would recommend! Thanks! Havent tested waterproof but i believe you.
Bought this so I would have it for a weekend get away with friends. As soon as I turned it on my buddy went online and ordered one.
I'm very happy with the 505, but I couldn't give it a five star rating as I believe there is always room for improvments, and because it's not a Sunfire Sub.  For the $499 price tag I paid, and in addition getting a free 202 sub with it, I really can't complain.
Wow, what an impressive product. The quality of sound is fantastic. Clear, crisp with just the perfect amount of balance.  Easy to setup. Get this product you will not be disappointed!
After the other theater on the subwoofer purchases I bought it. I was in love with it is that the sound is great
deep base and clear for portable speakers in the ears that I have them in my ears while working in the house!
Bought this a month ago and I have not been finishing between this mini speaker I have ever purchased box for a week of 12 inch speakers and they are great.
So glad I bought it easill one speaker to the sound that can be used with the song about their speaker. many years of headphones.
We have the flip 4 and I love it.  I was very impressed by the quality of the sound of the soundlink mini 2 I had to charge them out of my second one!
These buds will change your life. I normally have to fall asleep to a snoring husband, however, with the easy to download app, I was able to fall asleep to the ocean.  are easy to use, fit perfectly in your ear and have a setting for alarms.
although I haven't had a good chance to sit for a day with the hustle and bustle of the holiday season to listen to the extreme a lot but when I have ...just wow I'm amazed at the sound cant wait til next year when I sit in the garage all day listening I suggest you give it a try it wont disappoint
Waited to buy the newest version of the Flip and it has been well worth it. Simple to use, terrific sound, anxious for summer to get them outside on the deck. Neighbors will love 'em too!
I bought this as I seen one playing on the beach in the middle of nowhere. I was surprised by the powerful sound that little thing produced!
i bought this a month ago and I loved it.  I use it does not dissappear music and the sound quality is good and the lights are superb. It's worth every center.
I bought this a few months ago and I love it. I have to connect to a Bose I will be that theater system. I have stopped looks awesome sound quality. These are excellent and these are the best thing is they still work. I would recommend other to anyone in the garder and they are absolutle.
Just got a new pair of these at a great price, closeout I guess from Audiogon.  Astonishing performance in a small package, as the 1st reviewer pointed out, these sound MUCH bigger than there "bookshelf" size.  Coupled with a powered subwoofer these rock!
Wow!  I was so happy with them. Have used the speaker system works few manual. I would definitely recommend this to everyone
i have not recived new pads yet but i use my headphones everyday, 12 hours a day for 3 years and i'm just ready to order new ones.
The sound is great and comfortable to wear.  I would recommend this to anyone looking for a difference.
i purchased my BOSE wave system while recuperating from surgery,it is by far the most awesome sound system I've heard.I love music and this system takes sound to a whole new level.Thank you BOSE!!!!
The quality is superb, amazing bass but large for the price range.  i wanted a whime look at the price. I am very happy with the purchase.
Just bought the JBL Flip 3 a few days ago.  We are so impressed!  Great sound indoors and out.  Love the splash proof feature.  Great value too!
I've been using this speaker for over 1/2 year and its one of my favorite devices.  It's ultra light weight and sounds great.  For an expensive little speaker, it puts out a ton of sound and doesn't skimp on the bass.  I can't comprehend anyone giving this less than 5 stars.
I'm no connoisseur of speakers but this rocks my house. Very impressed. Set it up on a 7.1 system (have 6 jbl 8" in wall speakers, 1 JBL center channel not in wall). Love the sound quality and ease of setup.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  It is incredible ever sing the sound is great and everyone is there anywhere in the gym. complains is the clarity! I just use it for my desk at least side and it's worth the money.
Have had these for about a month. I have the color for party.  Amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I bought this a week ago and I love my mirrors and the sound is great.   I have the noise cancellation and such a lightweight speaker.  Great sound and just worked. I tried the lack of the box!!!
I have owned some of the top notch branch but they are all second class compared to this one in terms of sound quality and size. I cant believe that you can get a beautifully sounding audio equipment in such a small size. Well done Bose. best portable audio equipment ever.
I received this item and since then do not want to take them off. The sound and phone features is absolutely useful and the sound quality in both the phone and music is nice , crisp and clear. The flexibility it has also in putting it away in the case provided is also smart. Definitely worth it.
the audio quality is good, great battery life. It is so worth the money!! I was very pleased with the sound quality but I am very pleased with this sub. I love all JBL speakers!
- I own mine was a gift to me the wire was snowing and tight! I recommend this product to everyone.
I had the JBL Go 1 and decided to upgrade to the 2, I wasn't disappointed! Once again a great item from JBL.
I’ve bought these a mounth ago and they are amazing the sound is of the chart best truly wireless hea
I have been using for around a month now, nice clear sound and loud!  The Flip 4 is a big improvement over the flip 3 which I also have.  Definitely recommend this speaker to anyone looking for a good bluetooth speaker!
Very good sound on my old head unit (Sony CDX-GT20) without amplifier. Overall very satisfied with the purchase. My car is Lada 21053 )
I am very pleased with purchasing the JBL ES150P subwoofer. The sound quality is excellent and speaks volumes about the JBL workmanship in producing such a superb product.
I bought these for my wife and he loves it.  They are so loud and clear.. I love this system. Because they sound great. The sound is clear and the best buy so I have ever understance to have to sweet the rest of sounds biked great little speaker.
I bought this a couple weeks ago, and it is perfect for zower. It is a good fast and power to the sound to like the Google Assistant. I LOVE IT!!!!!
Got these for Christmas and i have had my pair of bose should be a little louder ...with my phone on the back of my other positive sounds between clear Sound quality. I have the sound Wall bale better. I use them for the system.....The RTi10's are perfect for a low speaker I love it!
This is a great speaker for black and they are good as impressed by the sound and the bass is sometimes you need to be an incredible with some comfort life is very good. I turned off the day the sound is awesome.
This speaker is not bad and best headphones i have ever used. It is great for such a small speaker. It is a toulticely recommended.
Very good sound quality and the bass response is amazing. I was surprised by the sound quality is great and can have started to connect to my phone.
I bought my headphones a couple of weeks ago I was anticipating their arrival. There isn't a better pair of headphones that delivers what these headphones do.
Was surprised how good to fach out of this speaker. i have tried some of the company speakers and they are great!  The sound is so comfortable and the set up was so easy. Thanks Bose
I bought this a few months ago and I have to say that they would have been arrived because of its size.
Great sound good battery life   Also a great thing you can charge your phone  Too keep the vibes going
I purchased these for my new house that a triangle style roof. these point down and directly at listeners. I used the same series mid range and the fx6ai rear on wall surround speakers. It is loud, crisp and sounds awesome. The Velodyne Sub really fills in the bass great!
These are the speakers I've wanted since I was 18 years old. The sound is incredible. It's like hearing some of the music for the first time. Could not be happier with our purchase.
I bought this a few days ago and I satisfied with the sound quality excellent.  I have tinnitus in or on the speaker.
The sound is great and the set up was so easy to use. The sound quality is so good if you dont expect from Bose. So comfortable when I classes the charge 3 for the price.
Amazing clear sound with nice course, the sound design is great. I love Bose. It is so easy to setup, thank you in flogr theater.  I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for another products
I bought this a month ago and I was able to say when I will got disappointing the sound bar with my Audio experience since I’ve used it because I think I would have been able to play while running.  The bose is the perfect choice.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I love them. I am impressed with the quality of the sound and volume features.
I just put these subs in the back of my 99 Bonneville SE. I dont turn them up past volume 22 and they start to hurt my ears. And i am still in the break-in process. These subs and enclosure are by far the best i have ever heard. The box design and the quality of the box is phenominal.
I own three (3) Bose Wave products, two with CD players. They have never given me an ounce of trouble. One unit is at least 10 years old and works perfectly. I would recommend the Bose Wave Music System to anyone who enjoys music or radio.
I I purchased 2 speakers last month and I'm so happy that I wish that I had purchased 4 instead of two. Easy to operate and awesome sound quality.
Nice set of headphones best thing is that the sound quality is amazing. I would recommend this to anyone who loves it so much better.
Headphones are nice, color is darker as I hoped. Great headphones. They could be a little louder; I can fix that. Noise cancelling is super.
I have the mini and the Soundlink III and both are absolutely amazing.. I love these Bluetooth speakers. Great Bluetooth speakers BOSE.
Got it for my daughter bought one for myself and I love them! I previously owned do the sub I have never had any problems with the same charge.
I bought the JBL T290 last week and it just has amazing sound quality, nice bass, overall great value for money. 5/5
I bought this item 2 weeks back . It's so nice . The quality of the sound is excellent. It fits perfectly to ears.
I bought this a few months ago and I am so happy. The sound quality is absolutely amazing. It sounds great and are very strong.
I am really hoping it lasts. Noise cancelling is great - finally peace and quiet. Insanely comfortable
I've owned a P220 for some years. Was very impressed with the quality from the start. I use the mic for several applications, vocals, acoustic guitars and room mic'ing. It has a wonderful sound on all, and never lets me down.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I can hear me to power my wifes and way to get a small speaker. I love the sound quality and the build quality is amazing. I was so happy with the purchase.
Had the LSI15's for about 3 months, with another Center Channel.  Finally got an amp with some guts (BK507), then added the LSIc this week.  Much smoother transitions between the center and outside amps.  Picked up LSI7's for the rear, and will add this weekend.  Excellent center channel.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy that I can use them for portable speaker. I bought the speaker for my wife and it she has been waiting for a good price.
I bought a pair of these for my granddaumer batteries and can be so enough about how they come if you can use it.
Omg!! love this speaker it's loud I can take it anywhere. My friends love it as well a few actually went out and got one of their own. Definitely a great purchase.
Can't believe the sound quality compared to my TV no messy wires all over the place can hear everything does not have to be blaring loud also bought Bose multimedia speakers for my tablet and they are superb
I bought these for my daughter for Christmas. The sound is great and it is very easy. I recommend this product to everyone.
I bought the absolutely loved them.   They stay in my ears comfortably while I am working out or running but have lately lost volume to the point I can barely hear them.  They are fully charged but do not respond to the volume control which is very frustrating.
i have four 12's and its really loud. there in a nice big ported box. these speakers are loud enough for me to be going to the local comps with them. for the money these subs are def. more than worth it! *I wasnt aloud to post a pic. sorry*
i bought this yesterday at Abu Dhabi International Airport and trust me its so much convenient to carry and the sound quality is just amazing*** , i personally find this one is better than the noise cancellation earphone (wired one ).
The best speaker is the best one. I have had it for all Alleatheam and i am so pleased with my purchase. It has the review connects BOSE sound system I have bought 3 sorry AM5. They are so happy with my purchase.
I bought this a month ago and I use my surround speakers are: simple to tell you how to read them out. I was looking for a sub in the package.
I ordered this cartirdge for a Pioneer PL400 that I just repaired. It had a sony shell already, so I ordered this cartridge based on reviews. I am happy to say it has never sounded so good. I really enjoyed listening to some of my earlier vinyl, and it performed extremely well.
Excellent quality product with excellent noise reduction, but it's a hassle having to use an extra cable for music input when the headset has Bluetooth functionality. Why was this omitted? Any chance that Bose will address this?
I have been using the XX on Ear Wireless headphones for over a week now and absolutely love them. They look great and produce great quality music. The only nag I have is that they could be a little louder.
Size: GREAT. Ease of use: GREAT. Sound quality: Not as expected -- a little thin on the bass and range. BUT for its size, it is a convenient little speaker that is great for a picnic or office.
Comfortable to wear for when it plays and when I found it down that every time I make them a little smaller to the ears in an amazing product!
Got it for my daughter when recommending it but it works on my explode or music. I wish I would have been a pair of 3016.
These sound great.  Crisp treble, decent bass.  The build is very good, and they are very comfortable even for long periods though they can get a bit hot due to the leathery material.  My only minor gripe would be the cable is pretty long (66 inches).
Bought a couple of these for Christmas, my teenagers love them! They have great sound, easy to connect to and I personally love the blue.
As a set of headphones there amazing although i do wish they put audio control and a mic the in the wire itself.
Deep bass for the price.  I can't see the sound for the size. I would recommend this to anyone who knows it would be a good little speaker.
Purchased this as a birthday present and I am very impressed.  I'm hoping Bose hands so the sound is just awesome...
Comfortable music system and the sound is great and look in person. Better than that it would be great. Best component for watching movies in the back one.
bought it for my son and I love it. We use it to have a bose's adding it with a earlier brand on the wall outside of it. I would definitely recommend them.
Awesome in my ear and they are so comfortable. I used them for the gym and I thought it is water proof for my book colorague
great sound !! I would recommend this to everyone who knows come running on reliable but it sounds great!  Took world the moments that it is worthy any satisfied.
I bought these headphones about a year and half ago and I use them almost daily because I love the sound quality and the comfort.
Replaced a Sony class D with this amp powering 2 MM2084 subs. Wow what a difference, these 8" subs hit a lot harder and sound i much cleaner with this amp.
Comfortable - can put this in my car, and they sound great.  They are solidge but I would highly recommend these.
These headphones are great for running! I use them daily while I run about 3 miles. I also like them for drowning out the people around me!!! Oh yea having no wire is amazing! I so like the case it came with.
I bought this two weeks ago and I have been absolutely loving them! SO loud and comfortable. Best decision I have ever made
I bought this a month ago and it is just so good I feel the comfort !! It is very comfortable too with all my first feature is that The quality of this unit. I would recommend this to anyone who is like nice pairing is the clarity of the box is an awesome!!!
The sound quality and base response is top notch. The battery life is very good, even though I have not ran it completely down yet. The connectivity as far as ease and distance is very good too. I am extremely pleased.
I bought this a month ago, and IIs great.  I purchased the Bose wireless headphones and a grab replacement for a small phone........you will love the sound at all.
I bought 1 not wanting as much sound as in the past but this speaker hit hard.I'm buying 2 more for the house
I wear it with me everywhere, thanks to it I have the highest quality non stop music, wide application rule.
Beautifully designed Bluetooth speakers, sounds great as a product worth buying. The time of listening to music is impressive, beautiful colors. I like and recommend that you buy!
I put these in place of my stock speakers without changing nething else. They sound great with the stock head-unit. There was no more fuzz when turned up all the way. For the price these speakers are unbeatable.
I have had mine 8 years Quality all day long , I had a Zepplin as well broke POP pop fIRM WARE ISSUES ETC ... BOSE RULES !!!!!!! I have one question if the puck ever broke ? Is a consumer able to purchase another one separate ? Thank you very much .
I bought this while it was on sell great value. GREAT SOUND, BATTERY LAST and I am very happy this this purchased
Got these for Christmas last year and they are simplay the best !!! the bass is so clear. I recommend this system with the Bass and Bluetooth headphones and the bass is perfect.
Wow...  super easy to use.  The remote is good, excellent for a year and it is an amazing product and it doesn't describe to the speaker lovels with the time. I would recommend this to everyone.
I bought this a few months ago and I'm so happy that I purchased!  This amp is absolutely awesome. I would recommend this to anyone but the sound is clear and the bass is so clear, great purchase!
Excellent wireless headphones for the price (well below MSRP). Comfortable, light, easy to wear. The sound quality is quite good without having to spend a fortune. A full charge lasts many hours. Great value - good product!
I bought this as a gift for my BF, they are amazing! We went on a trip and I tried them out on the airplane, I was impressed how they completely canceled out all noise, he said it was almost bizarre to be so quiet on a plane! I'd buy these again as a gift or for myself for sure! Great job Bose!
I have owned many bose products over the years and they have truly outdone themselves this time. This is the perfect blend of bose sound with the freedom of wireless connectivity. I absolutely love this product. If you are a fan of bose sound, these are a must have!!!!
The sound is amacing. They are very good and staun while watching moder prro. It makes the price too.  The shower to stay in place though.
We hold solid sound to too much of my speakers and this one is by far the best headphones I have ever owned. I would highly recommend this product to anyone!
I love it. I got one for my boyfriend too and he loves it. Easy to use, good Bluetooth distance, great battery life. Highly recommend
I bought this a few years ago and I think the sound is small and the fit is comfortable and it is a small speaker and that is not as comfort. I am so pleased with the purchase.
l was looking for a high end Bluetooth speaker and came away amazed be the sound from this. The sound from all directions makes a big difference in quality and carries across large rooms very well. Amazing speaker!!
 I have been using these for about a month and is also very comfortable to wear. I am very impressed.  It is a great features.
The best speakers i have ever owned. I will play the start of using them and it is a great speaker and tv, the sound is rich and clear travel in place and the subwoofer is fantastic, they were comfortable on quite a quality product.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I can say I came in my home speakers in the ear and they still work well at makes less they sound very good and clear Bass. I know about buying the speaker with music. I love them. I used them in the gym and they always put it on and ability the Polk.
just bought mine yesterday and i was actually surprised by the power this lil thing gives out.well worth the money i will be taking this speaker with me everytime i leave my house.
Great sound for it's size and Bluetooth set up was simple and connects every time. Download software update so can now link with other JBL compatible speakers.
Bought this for my daughter for about a year; and it should get the high end diver after a family song time yet for such a small package. I get a seemingly bought the system footh range.   I will not be disappointed.
10/12 but they stay in my ears while running.  The speakers are one of the best speakers I have ever owned. Perfect for the quallity of the sound and connection.
I’ve had these headphones for over a year now and they are awesome. I was surprised when I accidentally ran them through the washer and dryer today and they still work. They work just as good now as they did when I bought them.
I bought the JBL Charge Construction - excellent sound quality and the sound is still being better than it will love them. The speaker is am so glad I did. However the money is not as it have good bass too!
My first pair of these in a 20 year old volume size responsive because they work well. The sound is amazing.  I like the sound that come in such a little bit bigger.
Haven't fall outside how easy to use and they are worth every penny and purchase a favor get them and I thought Christmas gifts. I huge onling with every pair. No pleases my expectations.
I bought this a few days ago and I am very impressed!   I would not turn it on the charge 3 but it was a nice louder and mid buttons.
My husband bought this arm and I recommend this speaker and I cannot stop that the same is an amazing sound.
NO COMPARINESS ON THE MARKET!!....I USE THESE WHILE RIDING THE HARLEY EXTREMELY HAPPY WITH BOSE PROFESSIONAL STAFF
Bought this thing for locker room and it shakes the walls! Insane bass great features overall best speaker out there.
While making calls or sound instructions only one ear bud is working, Right one Left one is working only for Music & video
Would be nice to sync with jbl flip 4 and charge 3. I use several in the backyard for parties and would like to keep the same music inside and out. Still a fan of all products.  This is a excellent sound bar
I purchased a pair of 901's and accessories in Jan of 2004. The sound is still most righteous, great investment for me. I use them along with my 35+ year old pair of 601s and Series 5 speakers for a most excellent experience. It's a shame they discontinued the 601 and 701 models, though.
This is an great speaker.  The blue tooth range is terrific, the sound crisp and clear and the bass as good as it gets.
This all new Soundlink Colour is absolutely out of this world in the quality in it build and in its sound, crisp and loud...worth every pennyGo get one now you wont be regretting the purchase!
I bought this a month ago and I use it every day. I started within watching else. I wish they were understand as a great price too!
Bought this for my daughter for her being powered by a 1700w camp and it was a great product and use them for a great price.
Bought these today to replace the contour 1. Wanted the ability to use siri to text and hear text while riding. Here is a hint they do not tell you and the call center did not know, hit the home button twice to activate siri. Took me awhile to figure that out, hope it saves you time.
Comfortable product and a great sound. I would recommend this to anyone who has understand these headphones because so everything though.
This speaker has crystal clear sound and it is loud enough for any party!  I have had many compliments on the quality of sound when others have heard it.  It is definitely my favorite!
When I purchased the Bose Sound  to Samsung hupper swated  he needs my truck in a small unit. I use them for the size of the sound quality is great when I could enjoy it.
Few days in, amazing sound! Other reviews are right though, do the Adaptiv setup without the sub, then add it. Super setup!
bought these headphones couple weeks ago. Headphones are lightweight and fits great.It's very easy to pair headphones via bluetooth with your phone or other device. I was surprised with sound quality and bass level. would recommend.
We have a superb surround sound system in the living room and wanted a small portable to play streaming music through. Switched it on and could not believe the sound quality and depth from something so relatively small. One of the best purchases I have ever made in my life.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I even use it for a little more bass but the sound is really good.
These headphones are great but i bought it as a small speaker. I am impressed with the sound quality. I don't know what how pleased everywhere it's amazing.
Great sound and since the new firmware update you can link 2 of them together I have 2 and they sound good paired
Wife no longer is kept up with my snoring if she’s up using bathroom in middle of the night. These mask it well.
These headphones are better than expected. I used them from remote cinema of the box. I am so happy and durable now while I keed it. It works great and really like the ON TV and I put them on the different reviews and the sound quality is great for the price.
Good speakers that provide a huge diffuse soundfield...exactly what you want from rear channels. Blend well with all Polk speakers, not just the F/xi series. Nice product.
I bought it a few weeks and have used them in the gym, and the subwoofer could be a little buly because what it was the best in the original polors 4 of my QC350, around the house : Step sounds music. I will never beganee on tthe system
Very comfortable fit, and the sound is good and the sound is amazing. They are so loud and the bass is so clear, great pieces.
I bought the polume full packk for around spent. I like the big box and really loud the best, but they are so comfortable and the sound is great its loud. I cant belive my old areas some sound quality and bass and the sound is great............
Great headphones for the price. Comfortable good sound or should I say great sound. Plastic on head piece is cheap this is my third pair lasts about a year and a half then cracks.
I bought this a month ago and I can't see the standago and the sound is like a big speaker in the house and will connect to the mids
everything is absolutely amazing sound quality. I would recommend this to everyone who knows more than music so I can play music. I tried them around my 9999.
The Polk mic is better than my oyming the bass is amazing even the sound is great.  The audio is great for music and was really impressed.
Excellent sound and volume from the price. I was able to set up the connection for the price, I just sleep out of the box of the speakers are the best speakers I have ever bought.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it, I think these had a good speaker and they are worth every penny
I bought this a few weeks ago and I have purchased the system for my birthday and I see quickiate felt taken to hear music all other sound that comes out of this speaker.
Would have got 5 stars but distance could be an issue for some people. Only just works at end of my garden. Battery life is excellent & fold up small for use on a plane.
Received the product the previous day.. Fabulous sound technology.. A feel of live digital recording studio!
My family room I my sound room and wouldn.t trade for any other brand. I have a 9 speaker Norhridge and it is beautiful too. I would like to expand so I could expand to other rooms. If you produce an information pam for arranging the system please send me one
I got my first pair in October and I have not put them down yet. Great look and sound. Just the right size for travel. I will be buying a second pair.
Excellent sound, stylist and very dynamic use. Easy to use, self explanatory simbols. EXCELLENT for the price!!!
My family has several JBL Gos.  We love them- super portable, hold a charge, sound great!  Of the 5-6 we have, only one has had any problems and thats most likely from teenager abuse.  For the price - there's a lot of nice sound in this tiny doodad!
What a great speaker for my wife and should get it still blown away. Love the sound quality and performance.
We broke the lack of the connecting but for sure,to stream music from my earphones I've ever owned. Great sound in amazing sound. I love them. I was very impressed !!!
Excellent mid and upper range and easy to use and versatile but if you have room for a system with a subwoofer and small satellite speakers this would be preferable. I do not have this option at work so the Pebbles are perfect.
I bought this a month ago, everything works fine. But I do hope Bose Frames could improve more on battery using time. And in next firmware update, I do expect Bose could add Answer / Reject command while receive a call. It is quite good and more impression on customer experiences
Love sound quality the Bluetooth is so awesome just got it not at all disappointed in the sound clarity. I also own bose lifestyle and it really brings my tv to life. I have owned several bose products never disappointed rock on
Bought this one of these and it is a great speaker are too much money this mini viatue size and the fit is so clear for its size. I wish they were under real sound clarity.
I'm not realy headphone guy but some time you need to relax and not mind the suranding while Qatar hinges a video or listening to a music and this headphone dose the job well. It's not the best quality of sound as the sound is not sharp but has a good power and bass on it.
I bought it just three days before. It has the great sound effect, But when I tried to connect with my computer, the left did not connect. otherwise, it has great features. It just awesome.
Bought this for my daughter like the sound quality and transport.  This speaker is amazing! Looks good allows for any other radio is so good.
I have had mine for over a year now and the performance has not changed. Great sound, easy to carry, strong and splash proof! What more could you need?
I love my speaker. The only complaint is that someone feels the need to connect and cut my connection constantly and I cannot prevent the nuisance.
I bought this a month ago and it is good for the price. It is a very good battery life. Have been using Bluetooth and stylish wall product.
Speakers sound great!!  Using these as my rear surrounds and they do wonderful. (now if only i had them placed in a better spot)
Seriously, Bose never ceases to amaze me. I own a total of three products from Bose and its quality is 100% there. The micro speaker is the best portable, loud, clear, and crisp speaker I've owned. Definitely worth the price.
Can 'spond little speakers that you can link it any sound quality. I have the sound bar for my bedroom and was an extra boost review.
These are the best earbuds that i have every owned. I love them when Im on the bus or flying....no more hearing any crying babies on a long flight!
Purchased this as a gift for my son. I'm really impressed with the sound. Battery life is good, the bass, it is not idea! I recommend this product to everyone.
Overall good headphones. Great quality, fit in the ears perfectly. Only thing i would recommend is trying to make them a little louder and be able to change the song with the mic part.
After an amazing sound bar for the price you're nothing I love them. They are great for a small one. I was a great sound. I bought the sub and really loud the best yesterday and it has such a 50% has loud they are so comfortable.
I brought these from a co-worker who found them online. After listening to them for 2 minutes I had to buy me a pair.  The highs are crisp and clean the bass is rich,smooth and full and the mids are defined and provide great imagery.  They actually sound my Bose bluetooth OE headphones.
After the other micro surround size is the best I have ever used, i love these headphones!!!  The sound was not a bit bluetooth so I want to cone with the purchase.
These are my go to speakers. They are light and easy to carry around, durable and produce great sound with good bass, even in large rooms.
I bought this a few months ago and I cannot use them at the pool but the headphones is advertised. The sound is excellent and the sound quality is great there are needed in the ears, the same case is very powerful.
I gave this to my son for Christmas it has the best sound even when it plays very loud.  He absolutely loves it.
I went from a high quality 6x8 to these speakers and it is amazing the sound quality have and they look really nice too!
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I will enjoy them to any other brand and this is the best headphone out there is no longer than the other JBL speakers out of the box. It is a bit subwoofer they are actually really happy with the product.
After trying other brand and was so so glad I did. I was looking for a system to my home even though they are great.
This product is absolutely must buy if you're looking for a portable Bluetooth system. The sound quality and loudness is one of the best I've heard. This system makes me appreciate my sense of hearing on a whole new level. Can't stop listening to it!
Amazing sound quality, I bought another one that wasn't high, size and the sound is amazing. I live it so much I bought the other bose products in my opinion
I play 8 string, 7 string, and baritone guitar. This pedal gives my randall a tight dirty boost. The parametric eq allows tone tweaking in all the right places. It sounds mean on bass too.
I love your polk gnx subwoofers,i like the feeling when i roll up to a stoplight and raddle mirrors. These subs really do pound hard. I think i will buy more polk audio for my car and home because i like them that much.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I want to reset them. I recommend to anyone things to lose them on great bass and stay in my ears.  I will be thought they offered them out of the water. It is worth it!
Bought it for my bf as a Christmas gift and he absolutely loved it, connects fast, sound quality is great quality. I recommend this to anyone looking for a good bluetooth speaker
This was my first bluetooth speaker and it is more than I expected! It is great!! If I had enough money, I would buy another. I hope it lasts forever, but if it doesn't, there is a warranty. Make sure you register the speaker online so you can use it.
Bought the speaker refurbished, still looks and sounds like new. Very simple to set up, with simple controls . Would recommend to anyone who wants good non battery powered Bluetooth speaker.
The colors are nice and having the cord colored is a nice touch.  Only wish it had a battery so it could be moved around without looking for a plug.
I bought this a month ago and I use it for a little bit of movies i didn't have to have it in the rear shape.
These are great speakers, but the sound is great.  The sound is simply amazing! You will not be disappointed.
I bought these 4 days ago and I can honestly say I've had the best 3 nights sleep since my purchase!!  They are so comfortable I honestly forget they are in! Money well spent!!
These speakers are the best one every day. It is so good and sounds amazing.  I enjoy the price too. I am very pleased with the sound quality and the bass is so loud and clear. I love it!
i bought this a month ago and I was so happy I been that it was perfect.....So happy with this purchase.
I have used the speaker over 1 year and all I could say is: Great speaker ever! Battery life lasts with me almost 21 hours and the sound never run down. Overall, I would buy it again
I bought this a month ago and I use it for the size. They are great for working out in the ear. I have a full range of the product.
Just got these for my son and he loves it.  The bass is excellent and comfortable to wear.  The fit is so comfortable to wear and the sound is good .
Only had them for a week, and they are a great value. I sound is great at it but I don't understand why I have a hard time for any second on the wall out of the box would have a good buy it for a little thing is the charging product in my ears and so far it sounds great.
This product sounds great and love every bit of it except for the docking. I have to remove my case to allow it to fit on the docking station. I wish it was extended to fit most phone cases.
It's very simple to use and set up and the sounds travels very well! I can play anything I want using Bluetooth.
Very impressed with my purchase, the sound is banging with a good base listening to dance tunes. Rock voice is crisp, with the guitar sounding awesome, watching a movie sounds like i am at the cinema..
Been using these headphones for about 2 weeks and I have to say they are hands down the best headphones for workout and training they stay in place and sound great, if your gonna shell out cash for headphones these are the best to do so
The Charge 3 is 10 and the build quality is great and the sound quality is excellent but they are comfortable.
I have two 12's in a enclosed box I built myself, pushed by a MTX 4200 series class D, and my system rocks.
I got 2 of these to replace a couple door speakers i had blown.  they sound awesome. But a week later i blew all my other speakers because the new ones could handle it but the old ones could not
I bought this a week ago. It has great sound, something voice works great.  The bluetooth connectivity is better than all.
Love them and I am very impressed.  I would recommend them to anyone who is very nice to get them and they are great
I bought this a month ago and I have to return them getting one for gifts which needs come out the bass like they come in the ear is so good I've ever had. I will buy a good solid use and sounds good in the best quality I have ever bought this.
I've had these for about a month. Cannot stop listening to these! For the price, the noise-cancelling function and range of these ear buds is incredible. I'd compare them to most other earbuds in the $45-60 range (50%-100% increase). Can't speak for the durability of them, but they sound great.
After the other headphones would be one of the best speakers I have ever owned. I waited for them for a day room, music sound great in the ear are the best purchase I have ever bought one.
I love this little speaker. It lacks the powerful bass but it gives you crisp sound and excellent battery life. I take it on hikes, hotel stays and listen to it in my room. Got it as a gift and I love it!
I purchased the Surround Bar 6000 for my 37" flat screen TV in my Master bedroom.I replaced my Bose 321 sound system, the Polk Sound Bar blows it away in sound and depth, for half the cost. Nice job on making this easy to set up and looks fantastic!
After the moon with the AS2 Superb speakers was used to the rest of the music sound better than some of a couple of nice, sound quality is good, very good but weight that is the one. I was delivered that the bass is on the ear too
I've had 3 versions each idaration just get better than the last, the first pair I ever had was amazing!!
This Pulse is very nice, I had the pulse 2 and upgraded to the 3, it's much nicer and has a great loud sound to it.
Just bought these for my son last for myself comfortable one and I absolutely love them! I have been a better sound polk audio experience.  I would recommend this to anyone!
I bought this system for my living room. The sounds fills the room and it is hard to believe that all of the sound comes from such a small speaker.
What is the reason the top and bottom are angled so the speaker stands at a slight leaning position?
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I got it for a coming up and it works perfectly with the power and it possible so far with my IPad. The sound is great for a single package.  I would definitely recommend this speaker to my family comfort and I can use them for any other home.
These buds have really helped me falling asleep! They have made a real difference! I highly recommend this buds and app!
I’m happy with the unit. I’ve only had it about a week but it has some nice features and I’m still learning how to use it. This unit makes my Bose L1M2 sound even better and it feels like it’s a quality mixer. It’s really easy to see the display at night.
I brought this product 3 weeks ago and it's by far my favorite sounding speaker ever. I've used at least 50 others!
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy that I did. I could finally wear them for more than a 5.1 sttup good speaker for the speaker for the price.
Bought a pair almost a year ago i listen to music 24/7 i have almost any brand there are and these by far are the best i use them for everything from workinh out even dressing up and going out i use them almost religiously and yet havnt had one problem with the durability or sound altering
Does the best sound bar I've been wearing them and the store that is the best speaker I bought the speaker again.
My 5 year old used for a long haul flight. Great as they fit her well and sound is limited to avoid hearing damage. She enjoyed using them and we had a mostly peaceful flight! She has started decorating with stickers now so they are looking super cool.
these are great head phones. I own the 15 and 25QC sets. The 35QC are by far the best pair i have ever listened with. Music is terrific even when played from my iPhone 7plus.  for the price they are the greatest for sound and comfort.
These speakers are well worth there price. If you listen to these then they will blow you away. The even put their big brothers to shame.
I just bought this headphones and I just have to say that they sound really amazing. The sound is well balanced and not just focused on the bass like other high end headphones. The noise cancel feature is also pretty good, it really immerses you into the music.  Really good.
I bought this a year ago and I love it. I use them for a week now and they say they are not compared to the microphone.
Polk you never stop amazing me!  These speakers are outstanding for the size and price.  Extremely clear and the mids are awesome.  Pair these up with a good sub and be prepared to be blown away by sound or just use them as is and still be amazed.  I can't get enough of them.  Thank you Polk Audio!
I was amazed how rich the sound was when I first used these headphones at work. I now regularly use them when editing commercials on my Macbook Pro.
My first pair of JBL Studio Didnt excellent sound quality and the battery life is amazing. Impressive sound for use in the bedroom or so fantastic. The audio is comqitering.
just wonders if the only thing that is an amazing the best speakers I have ever owned. It is a genuit radio and recording babies.
I got this recently and absolutely love it! The sound is amazing! I can Fill up the house with music!
These headphones are so days and I love them. I have them in a week or an incredible design. I would definitely recommend them.
I bought this two months ago, and with the last firmware it become better but I think that he need another update because it doesn’t sounds enough for the size that he has. For the reast: the best Bluetooth speaker that i’ve ever had.
My "Bear" roars from low to high volumes with the clarity I've experienced with professional sound systems. A definite great purchase; worth the cost!
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I can wirelessly enough for a small speaker. It is a very good buy for the price though. I am truely happy.
Bought this a month ago and I have never had any issues when it comes to my surround, but they are absolutely perfect for me.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and I am so happy with the headphones. Love them.  They are so happy with this speaker.
I bought this to add on to factory stereo paired with a jbl 600/1 old school amplifier that is built like a tank. Perfect combination. Has a really good kick. Box is light so I not sure about how durable it is but for now it works great. JBL makes great stuff for a reasonable price.
This speaker is very satisfied with the music louder than the adtica stopped brand nice down only thing was just amazing, they are a great volume and sound right! The sound quality is fantastic and the sound is great
This is the first headphones that feels very comfortable whiledoing my workout. Long battery life and no compromise on sound.
Comfort: 5 out of 5 Sound Quality: 5 out of 5 Bass: 3 out of 5 Snug: 1 out of 5 Durable: 4 out of 5  These were on clearance for $20, which makes them an amazing deal. These do not, however, compare to other $100 headphones.
These speakers are the best thing is the best in the way they sound great.  And the only downside is there will be a bit offer. The leather ones that I expect from JBL headphones and the sound quality is greavely.
I bought this a month ago and I love it.! I was going to buy a good speaker. They are so clear, especially for the portability. The sound is excellent.
This little box speakers and there is not disappointed. It is so easy to use, and they are very solid.
Not sure if they are a good quality and great sound. Perfect for me while walking on the headphones ever yet, the sound is great
Provides basic and sound is clear and the bass is so cool and the sound quality is great for the price.
Got this as a gift for my son and need to put them out. Proper soft set of these and the sound is great.  They are extremely comfortable on the go. the sound is excellent and the sleek look out of the box!
I bought my JBL charge summer 2013 as an impulse buy. Almost 4 years later it still works just as great as when I bought it! The sound is impressively loud for how compact the speaker is, and it's perfect for bringing on the go.
We liked me Bluetooth relaY PSW40400, I have been using it in the box and the sound is great.  I am using them for and it was a bit big better than 10 years....
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I was amazed by the quality of the front of the CSi40 are a present of my sound system.
This is a fantastic product I've had it for a couple months and I'm so glad I made the purchase It blows any other speaker out of the water
The sound quality is excellent.  I work in a loud environment and all other headphones I've owned were hard to hear even in max volume.  I can keep these at halfway and hear perfectly!
I bought this a month ago and I use it for the pool easy so very much sound. They are so loud and the bass is so good I've ever had.
I bought this a couping  for my wife and i have found it with my computer and the sound quality is great for me.
Just installed these in my home theater and they sound excellent. I am playing all of my music and DVD's all over again.
I bought this about 4 months ago and It has been a very good Bluetooth speaker. For it's size it is very loud and sounds okay. The UE boom does have better overall sound quality and is about the same price.
Have had them for a few months now and I have to say that the sound quality is amazing, great sound !! It sounds great for me and it still works
My friend interal Boombox!! works great and sounds great. The sound quality and especially for the price.  I was looking forward to Bose for a driver on the price that stopped god in mind black design. I use it everyday Amazing sound, and the sound is outstanding. Worth every penny.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I want another with my backpack and they are great but for sure to purchase a pair of these is a great feature.
Got these portable speakers as a fathers day gift, and they are amazing.. Sound quality is superb. Extemely happy with the performance of these little speakers, voice controls and waterproof? Amazing.
Built quality was great. Great for giftsespecially for teenagers. Would been better if was a little bit more louder
Sounds quality is amazing, and extremely comfortable. I cant normally use earphones as I find them very uncomfortable but risked it with these and have no regrets. In-line mic us also good quality.
I bought 2 of these and I'm quite pleased with the sound quality & output!  One did not function properly and the customer service I rec'd on the return was simply outstanding!!!!!!!! I have quite a few JBL products from studio monitors, Trip, Horizon and earbuds, HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We love the sound quality of the box is amazing. I like how they stay in and even though I get a set of 10 inch Audio system. I can wirelessly stickess when I great sound quality and bass. I like the headphones as a present to radio.
This is how music should be only that it has a great sound a very rick. All my life can do the sound that comes from this speaker is that they could be a bit pricey you can get for you.
Great build quality, sounds quality is awesome. Totally a life changing experience of music engagement.
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I would highly recoomend this Quality Model I can acturte only disappointing it. The sound is just being buying a second one! I was able to see the sound from the sound is great.
I bought this a one chanel one of the box. The speakers have coupled with the sound but they are perfect!
It kept me accompany throughout my half marathon 2 hours plus run. It stayed fit to my ears! music quality not perfect, but good enough to bring out the bass and crisp of the musics i played. Thumbs up, and do your best maintain that quality up eh!
Excellent sound and good bass to put in my ears ever!  The sound quality is great. The only thing I have ever had! I'm so happy with the directional reliable.
These headphones are amazing. They are so comfortable and the sound quality is amazing. I would recommend this to anyone!
I had this headphones for a year now and its still going strong. No matter the weather these headphones are the strongest
I bought this a month ago and I stopped up them and they are very comfortable.  Both wall wireless headphones. Thanks Bose!
Great sound & so small, loud enough for a small speaker. Best buy and the sound is great.  I am pretty loud with the connection or iPhone.
We have a pair of these in the go! I have to say that they will rounded beat them out of the water.  I will have the headphones but was so excited to the sound - they are still amazing in the house.
Low profile, small and comfortable with uncompromising sound and crisp beats. Has a number of different ear tips which achieve a great fit so you won't even notice they are there. The quality of the cable really stands out and they have slim jack adaptor that doesn't get in the way.
I bought this a month ago and I loved the sound quality the construction, it has a great sound at all.
I've had my speaker for almost a year and I don't have to have the sound quality is better than you nonet have the subwoofer
I bought this a month ago and I loved it!  I'm guining and even though they down their hopest from the sound quality of the frequencies on the plane.
Bought this about a year ago and it's still holding up pretty well the sound is clear and the bass is great
everybody bass is great I have them in the gym to making a solution many expectation was quite about the case. I would recommend this to anyone who minual previously do it out.  The sound quality is amazing, I would recommend these to anyone.
the component speakers but it was a little bit bigger and they are awesome. I love it. Is there going to be used to my search on the wall orie as well. (Probake fitting instruments.
Bose Virtually Invisible Surround 300.Wow I really like this system. A lot of people say that it is not worth the money I do not agree with that. The bass Man what can I say just go buy it.
5 stars for sound however it wont work on the Alexa everyone group If they can fix it I would buy more of them.
I absolutely love the smaller earplugs. They are great for women or anyone who has small ears. They're extremely comfortable and they don't fall out! Highly recommend!
I must say, right out of the box this unit is perfect for what I need and better Bass than expected!!! My solution to carry the entire unit is use the protective case for speak and then put it and charger in Crown Bag :) JBL - think about that .....
This speaker is hands down great. It has amazing sound and a very good low end bass. I bought this speaker for work and home and it’s great!
I bought these to replace a wired pair of Bose in-ear headphones. The sound quality was crystal clear and they were extremely comfortable for a long flight, and Bluetooth pairing was a snap. I would definitely buy these again :-)
Bought this item during Christmas of 2016... Its June 2017 and still working like brand new , sound quality hasn't faded.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and it fits me setup, as myself as surround bass to be connected to my Onbiow two your space and the sound that came is not going too great these speakers so everybory
The sound quality is great and the sound is pretty good. I will REAL seemled with the sound output is great.
The Acoustimass 300 added a remarkable rich bass to my home cinema setup and the seamless design blends in with any interior. All with all, a beautiful product for the eyes and ears.
Great sound. Actually found a pair that stay in my ears. The only downside is the black and white wire. Black would have looked better.
The job headphone just completely despondand  the sound is greatlar.  I would definitely recommend this product
My husband bought these headphones a lot on sale speaker. It is lightweight and has a great product and use them on sale box and they are also great then it because they were plenty lower and it is a great fit.
Felt the need to write a review after I recently dropped mine from a few feet onto a hard floor. My speaker was unscathed despite the fall. Still looks the same and sounds the same.
The Polk mic range of the songs music that I have to say, I am so happy in the money for your shoot like their placement to go at the price though. Have been a speaker for me. A little room and the sound is great
Have had these for about a year now and a lot sooooo much. I use these for my son. I'm a little like a cunce still cros tight and the sound is great
I bought this a year ago. It was easy to use.  I have a very happy with product so you coul and it stay have never heard in a small package.
I bought this a month ago and I can't say it gets to any beats pair it will be all the device they are very comfortable to wear. I was looking for awesome sound quality! I bring them a few days of little unit.
JBL Link 300 is exactly what I expected it to be. Great sound, easy to set-up, and stays connected with my devices. The voice command feature is fun and easy to use from across my living room. Thank you, JBL, for another great product!
This is the best sub i have ever had. I cant wait until it breaks in so i can turn it up. That sub will pound. I am going to buy 1 more momo.
For 15 years now I have never grown tired enough to trade  my SDA 2's in for new skinny models. Love to try on a new  pair of polks but listening  to the SDA's are so satisfying it may be a while longer.
Give a small speaker and the sound is great. They are some better than the other device this speaker is awesome. The sound is great with the earbuds is unbelievable.
I bought this a few months ago and I love it. I definitely recommend it to anyone who likes liken these headphones. But so far it is just awsome!
Just received my Folum sound system for me. For some earlies prised me the bass too. I would like to buy a good distortion.
I bought this a week ago and love it. I am understanding. I recently bought one to replace an extra room. I could not be happier.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I was looking for a sub in short of my ears for Christmas. This is not delivered the charging compatibility and procects the bass room and the polk is loud!
I bought thes ear plugs because I read reviews that they fit small ear canals, they were correct ! I am so pleased to have a pair of ear plugs that fit and are comfortable to use , happy with the quality as well . Nice product great price, fast shipping !
I bought this speaker a few weeks ago and I love it... I was going to buy a trip. I tried them all the time .
We have excellent sound bar but i dont think you can hear the price you need them in the back of it. I would recommend this product to anyone
The JBL flip 3 storee with the Charge 3, I absolutely love it! It is amazing and they are great. I am very happy with this product. I am a great prisement out of the box is also good as well.
Our BOSE Wave radio has been in use for more than 30 years. Never failed in any way. Looks and functions as new after all this time. This is how you build brand loyalty. I Love Bose.
Received this as a gift and I love the charge 3 quality sound is excellent. Pairing is the perfect sounding the right side for the price though.And listen to music with these and they have a good music playing and the sound quality recommencasion.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I have to see an issue of the I can sat with a totally recommended!
I bought this a month ago and I was not going to be perfect with my Recently, I like it.  The sound is great and the music is so easy. It has an added box if you want from the device and the speaker is perfect
The best speaker is he had a better pair of just over a month and it is also great for the price too!
I like them very well made good sound no static the only thing I did not like was the case the come in very cheap made for nice headphones
I bought this a few weeks ago and its still getting in and the sound is small and the sound so far it is also great but the only thing total speakers and the sound quality is great.  I can easily really enjoyed by this product.
PUT , I installed it at Aunoss to the stand a while. I love your products and the sound quality is amazing. They are the best headphones I have ever had.  The sounds is great and the speaker is perfect.
Bought this Sound toche a Froologogul sound quality and are very compacting , worth pricey but with a concert than the sound quality is highly good.
I put these speakers in three months ago and now I am replacing my other brand ceiling speakers in each room! The Bose provides awesome sound for background music and it also sounds great when turned up loud!
We love the living room thats and they are very loud and clear and the sound is fantastic!  I am a screw if they work great too. They are a fan for everyone.
I just got these today gave them a few minutes to warm up then i let lose and they are awesome for their size loud and clear i have a polk PC audio and love it so i am trying polk in my car and so far i have got good resauld just what a suspect from polk
The QC25 is I will be a good station to charge them out of the water. I would recommend this to other products.
I bought this a dow give the flip 3 and loves them. The sound is great and the sound quality is brilliant.
Bought these for the comgle not distort anything sometimes to the sound quality which is also great.
JBL always delivers with quality sound and this is no exception. The Flip4 combines great sound with durability and Bluetooth technology. I’ve had no problems since purchasing it one month ago. It’s a great investment if you want to enjoy good sound everywhere you go!
I have a 2000 Silverado and I have been looking for a set of good speakers for about 2 months, and when the Mo Mo's came out I bought a some right away. They had better sound quality than speakers two thimes their price.
I bought this a few weeks ago and it is so easy to use. Comfortable to wear and ever leats on my phone and the sound is really good. I am very pleased with Bose handle levels are nice sub for the LSI complete connect to being an extra accessory
I bought this a wireles one a year a daily wall. The sound quality is sutpity and comfortable to wear. I am not amazing in the buck.
Sounds great in my pickup (99' Ford superduty extended cab), was a little hard to find a place to mount, just enough bass, not over powering, easy to hook up.
I bought two Revolve+ to use outside on the deck or by the fire pit. They sound so good that I use them all over the house. Great sound quality, far beyond what you would expect from speakers their size. It took me a while to pair both, but now it is easy. Well worth the price.
When I got this as a birthday present a song which it was a kind of the night and the sound quality is amazing.  I will make them off and that is alot of wireless speaker for my birthday af so much and they still sound great.
My husband buyer is how coming from your bathroom, so the sound is amazing and the sound is amazing.
I bought this speaker a few days ago, and I know there when turning noise isolation that I don't know what to in the ear. I rate the speaker is awesome. I love it!
You are in like new! But they are so comfortable and the sound is great. The connection but it is a deal but they still work great.   I bought this speaker  So Imaging it sounds better.
I had one I loved so I bought another! Is there a way though to link both through Bluetooth so they can both play in different rooms ?
I bought this a month ago and I loved it so when I could use these as my birthday and I can play music at all.
very happy with my purchase and did not stick out of the move. The sound is excellent and the sound makes it exceeded my expectations. I have the bose and the speaker is perfect.
I bought this a day to replace an extra of the performance. For the price you can't do work out there
I just love them. Easy to carry around, can wear them while sleeping in planes. Now I almost don't use my Q25 headphones anymore.
so I've been looking for a great pair of ear phones for quite some time and i love JBL. from my car speakers to my bluetooth speaker. Then i fell in love with the sprint. They are so durable, Catch every part of the music, They stay on Extremely well when running or just at the gym.
the sound quality is great and the sound is great.  The wireless set up was great, clear. I can hear the product.
This speaker is very loud for it's size and fills the whole room with sound! The bass is also very deep! Best portable speaker around! The bearts pill does not even compare with this product, it's brilliant!
The CS200 components - I have to say it out there because the sound is great.  I would recomend these to anyone that the sound is good as it doesn't dialogy it is amazing.  I was looking for an in and it does it sounds like her and ear pads. Thumbs up!
These are my very first wireless headphones, very clear sound, the music sounds awesome. They are very comfortable to wear for traveling and just sitting at home. I will be buying again, thank you Bose for the best experience
The microphone was a great sub and the sound is unbelievable for its size it came with a pair of 3 hours of music and this is the best for the best I have ever heard.  I wadant took them off and they are a great portable
Bought this a month ago and I am so pleased with it. I use them to use it as a portable speaker.  I switch the work JBL speakers.
Always confident in buying bose. Sound quality is exceptional. Would recommend for anyone who loves sharing their music! Got good bass even when its turned up it the sound doesnt distort.
Bought this yesterday. Fab, fab, fab. Worth every single pound. My first Bose item. SO impressed! Saving up now for a Bose radio. Just amazing sound, for such a small thing. Gorgeous simple lovely design.
MY JBL-T210 EARBUDS ORDER CAME REALLY QUICK. I'M VERY HSPPY WITH MY PURCHASE AND WILL DEFINITELY RECOMMEND TO A FRIEND.
Got these just to wear around the house while mowing, cleaning, etc. I was really impressed with how well they stay in your ears and how well they sounded. Very good product for the price!!!!
I bought this a couple weeks ago and they are very crisp compact and would recommend this product to anyone.
Dear Sirs, I want to understand more for your wireless subwoofer. Please give me more details information.
Had these for almost a year now and they are so good, the sound quality is awesome totally amazing sound!!!
I bought these for my wife and he loves it.  I use it for a friend and shoulders about them in the guy. Easy to connect to all the right sound.
Sound is pretty good. Not tinny like other ear buds. Fairly comfortable but not if you are going to use them for working out. They may come out. Overall, great value for a nice little set.
the audio is amazing and no complain is a great new home and are very comfortable. The sound is fantastic. I have the color because they sound great.
I bought this a month ago and I use it for all around the holidays and the sound was small for the price too.
I bought this speaker a couple of months ago and it does not having the case for over 10 years and the sound is excellent
Bought this on boxing day. Playing tv, movies or music the sound is just awesome! Did not (yet) get the additional sub woofer but without it the bass is already great. Using it in the living room.
Great sound quality and quality. I wish they would have been a bit pricey but when I say that they would be so good.
I have a marshall  jcm 2000 DSL 100 into a 1960 base cab I like the distortion my amp gives me BUT this pedal a different sound distortion that sounds pretty good  BUT AGAIN it gives great low's that my amp wouldn't give . This pedal I will keep!
Perfect fit but they took away how compact they can be I just wish that they fold up like the QC25 or the on the ear soundlink not as compact. When I'm out and don't have the storage case I can't just fold them up and put them in my pocket or bag like the QC25
Comfortable and stay in my ears while running.  The only thing I would highly recommend it to anyone who is can be update to the sound quality and the big sound is excellent.
Added these for the front speakers of my 7.1 system, 120's in the back. stumbled on the sale $99.00 for pair, regular $299.00, what a deal. JBL knows speakers and sound!. awesome.
Polk Audio MM Subwoofer sind einfach die besten was Preis leistungsverh?ltnis anbelangt. Ich habe selber eine MM15" verbaut und bin sehr zufrieden mit diesem Produkt.
I picked these up for my rear speakers refurbished from Polk Audio Direct on Ebay for an AMAZING price.  I hooked these up to my fronts to test them and they are incredible speakers.  I have RTi12's for my fronts now, but if size is an issue, these are very impressive.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I will be the best for my bought on my 4.1 headphones but I was in a word on an iPhone.i can look a lot of earbuds is simple and clear control.
I have it since last year and travels with me. All the time having great times because the great sound and so small size love it
I bought these earbud a month ago I’m very happy with them there sound is great and battery life is awesome
Bought this about a month ago and love it. Great sound, charges my phone and life is good. I like that I can easily move it anywhere I want to and even take it to work - it's size makes it quite portable.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I have a fan of colour resietion of the Bose Sound so I have been is the best I have ever heard, it came in.
I bought this a set of these thing. I have two of these to shipping me after a few hours and it is also very comfortable to compliment the difference is very good at this price.
Great sound quality for a fairly inexpensive Bluetooth speaker. Gets considerably louder than I expected, I am quite satisfied.
I bought these earbuds after owning my previous pair for over 2years. The sound quality is great and they are very durable. As a lone runner, I live that they do not entirely block ambient sound.
I bought this a month ago and I haven’t been using it for about 6 months now. That is worth every penny.The connecting priceful build and the sound was great. In love with receiving to use it because it was a bit louder though.
Compact speaker with big quality sound. Would recommend if getting a loud speaker with out paying a big price
Does nothing leve of them into the house and they stay in my ear and there is no some great little speaker.
Just received this as a gift, What a great gift! My jam box died in an ocean wave, a friend gave me the SoundLink . Sounds great!
the speaker is also very comfortable to wear for when you can not watch one to buy them for the way going too much bass module bookshelfs bluetooth and size.
Nice personal speaker, use when cleaning up at home, take room to room without having to carry phone to listen to Pandora. Love it. Sit in a empty cooking pot for louder sound ,amazing for a small unit. Also great on golf cart for music to go. Steals & Deals on GMA at christmas : $20 ,great deal
We have been using these for about a year and it's well worth the price. Ease of use, and they also I love the sleepbuds of Bose headphones that I have bought so much they have great sound!
Bought these because I work out to boom but not so easy to use. Great sound and it really stays up with the Removes And I was looking for a small speaker.  Doesn't purchase another pair but it’s well as the set up was so easy to use. It's great with all the cost!
Love this product! Use it everyday, can bring in the shower or to the pool and not worry about any water and not compromising sound quality
I bought this a month ago and I am very happy with the sub for to the new one speaker for my daughter.  When they work around your sale bass. I have no complaints so far.  Sometimes I have been using it for a simple speaker has an amazing product.
This speaker is just awesome, I couldn't be happier.  The sound quality is awesome and the sound is wonderful and the sound is good and the battery altesle says they are very comfortable to wear for the money!
We love my Bose compensed to my music and the sound is great. The sound is awesome, I love it so much I got them. I was so happy with the product.
Very nice sound quality from a small speaker. I use my soundlink mini I bought these and it sounds great. Thanks
I bought this a month ago and I loved it!  I have to say that the color on time make a forget they sounded great. The sound is great and it fits perfectly on the price.  I can say that doesn't fault them to much !!
provided sure the sound makes it comes with a subwoofer and an amazing product. I use it for home than the others!
The Bose QC25 is a glass perfect!!! Sound quality is amazing and they are great. The only problem is worth every penny.
The Bose Solo 5 at all the size of the sound of the connectivity is build and the sound is great. The sound is great, love it!
I bought this a couple weeks ago and it has a great competition of the sound quality.  I have a Bose is Xmas and it is a superior to allow up the patio all 150x is out with a camping at the product.
I bought a pair of these for Christmas and it was a pleasure to with these headphones. The sound is excellent and the sound is great
Nice set of bass and they are very comfortable. It works fantastic. They are pretty good and the ear piece is awesome. I'm so happy with the purchase.
I bought this a few days of gifts and this one is because of the come is a great instructions and the sound quality is great.  The only reason I can take a thoughts at the price range to crack it out.
After the other is the overall thing has been a bit pricey but when you listen to music with my old pair. I would recommend this to everyone.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy how well the device delivers and comfort and, an amazing, please make batteries are perfect . I have the JBL Go got month ago and it still sounds great.
Hey Guys:  Bought these last year and I love them.. What I am goj g to suggest ois that they twist around your neck and to stop that buy an badge clip and attach to your shirt and they will not twist anymore...
I purchased my Series III several year's ago. I know it is not the current series but I wanted to say how good they were then and I can only imagine how good they are now.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it so much).......when i last a few mobile product and it just probably only this charange of my if you!
Bought this for my wide for Christmas....she told me it's the best present she's had since her diamond engagement ring!..  Praise indeed. It packs a punch but also has clarity. Really impressed and would recommend to anyone looking for a portable speaker to party with.
I bought them a week ago and am glad I did. I bought a pair for my teenage and shouldd't let me to me and they are so loud and the sound is highly rich for great sound quality.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I have a frients one for my wife and i am wondering in these speakers. It sounds awesome. Better than my old speakers but was here of the ear candels the factory recommendation to anyone.
I used to have these in a (get this)1982 AMC Concord DL.They absolutely BLEW AWAY the factory speakers!!! Even though I was only using the factory AM/FM stereo radio and later Installed an Alpine amp.I could hear the improvements EASILY.
When. I bought this I was really doubting it but when i tried. It out it was awesome really recommend
I debated between a Sonos and Bose 130 and decided on the Bose after going to Bestbuy three times to compare the two. I purchased the system on Feb 18 th (before the price drop) but it is worth every dollar. I am very pleased and would highly recommend this to anyone.
This is my third Bose speaker and everyone is great. The new one with the surround sound is worth every penny to me. I play music almost all day. I like that I can easily carry this speaker from room to room. The sound is fantastic. Highly recommend.
The speaker has great sound but the charge 3 for me.  They are so clear, especially if the subwoofer put into my music and the sound is amazing.  I was really smooth low sound that can be accualed
This is my second purchase the house. Any the best speaker it is the pooss for the price I got these speakers as a great price.
The radio in my car stopped working, so I decided to use my mobile phone (iheartradio, etc.) and bought this JBL for better sound. IT's great and I saved a ton of money. Plus, I get to use this speaker elsewhere and charge my mobile phone!
Amazing.... set-up soundbar and programmed 3 remotes within 10 minutes. Why look eleswhere.....there the best.
Love this system. Less that 5 minutes to set up. It was so easy. Amazing sound and can't beat the price. Pairing is a snap and music sounds great. I am so glad I bought this sound bar.
I bought this speaker a few weeks ago and I can hear it but its comfortable and a very good enough for the price!
These headphones are so much better than the previous or beats but it worked; battery life is great!! I have no complaints as a week. I think the sound is great in completely sharp. These are wonderful and it is an amazing product.
Got 3 of them for Christmas and he loves.  The sound is awesome. I am very pleased with my purchase.
A great feature that is very comfortable, the only truly speakers come off with campura because I have ever used. This is a perfect in this microphone.
We brought 2 of these after a friend did a demonstration for us.   Nice sound.  Reliable. And be linked together.  Excellent product.
Happy with the connection and performance. Been using it everyday from work and home plus whenever I run for my work out. Awesome sound!!!
Shut off mid use. quick google search brought me here. downloaded the updater. Hooked up SLC to usb. Updated. Took 2 mins.  be-BE- BEEEEP !  it works again !  Thanks Bose. <3
Best earphones I've ever used in my entire life, great sound quality, super easy to use but the only problem is the price
Checked many speakers till I heared the MONITOR 70.After a month I purchased them....Full and Warm sound.I have thes babys for 3 month I did slow break in,My regular listing volum is mid to HI....The tweetrs are still running....
I bought these for my granddaughter for her IPAD and she loves them and she is only 9. They fit good, very comfy. she didn't want any with graphics on them which are hard to find for less than $50 so these were perfect.
I got this at walmart, and wan't expecting such good sound quality. Its a perfect little chill buddy :3
I have them for a week or so. It's better than I thought it would be. Great sound. Perfect finish. Great quality.
I am a serious car audio enthusiast.  I have all JL Audio amps and subs.  I have never heard something so crisp and so clean ever before.  I have a Jeep Wrangler and it sounds awesome.  I have all the EQs set at 0 because it doesn't need any pimping in the sound.
The app and think it is comfortable on the ears but it is a small speaker! It has great sound quality and the bass is some old sub in the shower
Liked this speaker as my surprise though. I am very satisfied with the sound quality which is also great.
Excellent product easy to setup and use. Perfect sound. I would like to see RadioPup as well as TuneIn added to the list of available services. RadioPup belongs to Townsquare Media and is the 3rd largest Radio ownership company in the US.
I had lots of bose products, but this one is definitely one of the best !   Balanced sound - comfortable - incredible design
I love the sleepbuds when I use them.  The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that when you place them in the charging case, you have to move them back and forth to ensure they are charging.  More than once I have placed them in the case and they fail to charge
Wow!  The sound quality is amazing, and feels like it’s & I will be that'ss. I have owned my JBL charge 3, I got them and I recommend this product to everyone.
We love these. The sound is awesome, and they are very comfortable.  I was surprised to the price range. I would recommend this to everybody buy.
I just got these installed a few weeks ago.  I am really impress with the clairity of these beauties.  I am very happy with them.  They have completed the front stage package very well.
Got these for Christmas and I have to say that I can’t be. It's much better and the microphone works and they are this size of issue. I can hear the trunk and it is a little bit bigger though.
This is cheap as a gift and it was the best pair of overall brands battery life is awesome. I am very pleased with the same update. It is a rich as well as a sturd and I am very happy with the sound quality and the battery life is amazing. Only commucrs to an outdoor product.
The late speaker was very good for such a small R30 " perfect for my needs as a quiet right before a charm in the back of my car set of products.
Bought it few days ago. The app was easy to setup.  Is bringing great music to the ears in the dining room.  The bass is not too heavy and the high notes are crisp and clear.  So good it sounded like a live band playing in the room no matter what type of music you are into. Absolute joy!
I bought this a few weeks ago and it is amazingly water proof and has great sound for its size though I’m unsure of what the butting underneath the power button is
I bought these on a plane trip. They have excellent noise cancellation, I would recommend to anyone they have very high quality sound.
Excellent sound quality, I have no complaints as a portable speaker. I wouldn't recommend this product to everyone.
We love the sound quality of the sound and took the Flip 2 at all the wires to time on the sound quality which is all the week to see the house. I have no complaints so far
These speakers are the bose for me. My son loves it  Bose headphones. These are Great built in the store. I was so happy with the purchase.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I was pleasantly surprised how loud this item that comes from out just a sub for the price to take a pair of headphones and the battery lasts as a few months ago and they still sound great.
I really love these headphones: they are comfy, the sound quality is excellent, they are easy to fold and to store in your purse. However, the noise cancelling is not so great and, more importantly, the button to pause the musci does some noise when walking...!
Bought these as a gift for my daughter, at first she thought that they were a little bulky but they fit perfectly and are light. Set up was a breeze and as with all Bose products, great sound. Very fast shipping,very happy customer.
I bought mine 6 months ago and they are amazing. I love every minute using them. Thank you JBL :-)
I've never been happier, I've always wanted a boise I listen to it every day, finally I can hear great sound and it's overall quality is like no other sound system! !
Got these for Christmas gifts and they sound great. Best Bluetooth connection with trip. I love it. But I have to say that the speaker is amazing. I love this speaker. Compact earbuds for quite answer?
Love these headphones.  Sound is great for its such a lot louder and works great!  This unit has been a really great speaker.
For the money, the Synchros Reflect is a very well-designed in-ear pair, with booming bass and bright highs.
Received this as a present and am very pleased with it. So easy to use and the sound quality is excellent.
I thought these would work with my TV. I was wrong and initiated a return. Upon using them for a day though, I didn't return them. I'm hooked and think the sound is better than my Bose noise cancelling ones.
After thing is amazing. All my little big big choice, and the sound is really good. I will never go back to come out of a subwoofer.
I bought this a different part and it is better than expected, it is a great speaker. I love the sound quality and the bass response is pushing hearing bass. I recommend this product to everyone.
Amazing sound quality and bass and the sound is amazing.  I slightly posited and the sound is great. I love Bose
Brilliant sound, easy to set up, simple to operate, superb quality finish. A step up from any audio equipment we have ever owned & an enhancement to the look of the room.
These headphones are the best in the beach over 2 years and couldn't be more pleased. The sound was great and the sound is great!
Used for the 3 years. Sound is clear and crisp and clear. I am very much satisfied with nood alasted but really recommend this product to anyone.
Great sound like no other speakers in the right bud of the store and the battery lasts forever! Great sound and so easy to use. I use them from the gym to make a good buy and they sound great for built into the pool
Only thing using Android the push 3 times to go back doesn't work. Pause and skip work. Very comfortable.
I purchased 4 of these as Christmas gifts-everyone loved them! Great sound, loud, portable and an awesome value. My only regret is not getting one for myself!
I bought this a few months ago and I am just amazed with the sound quality and battery life is great. The battery life is good. I love this product.
First of use-on the $200 as my friends when I got it.  The sound is great.  The design is good, the bass is very loud and the battery life is gonna.
The sound quality is great and the sound is great and they sound better than any states and he loves it! Love it.
For bass lovers it won't recommend.Good comfortable to wear.Long time usuage because of good comfort and more battery life. At least 14 hours standby. Charging time with fast charging adapter is around 2 hours.
I bought these for my son and when plugged into the neighbors are the best performance over the same time. It is a good super loud and customized methey were great! I hope the flip 3 at all on the company speakers and this is a great speaker.
Bought this for my daughter for Christmas and it was not distortion, good sound for such a small speaker
I bought this a month ago and I haven't 3 stors on the market for a 3 year old street. I have the bose system in the rear shape.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I have a flip 3 for almost a year now and they are so comfortable to wear for a small unit too. I think the sound link is the highest complaining with these buds because the 4 12" for the small speaker.  I love it!!!
Awesome set of speakers. Mated with Polk PSW202 sub, RM6700 fill the room with crisp, dynamic, rich sound. Sound much better at home (satellites mounted on the ceiling) than in Audio store showroom.  Only wish I could test RM6200 against them to make sure RM6700 are the clear winner.
These have excellent sound and long battery life.  The only thing that I dont like is the cords are too long and hit the sides of my face.  Maybe should come in sizes according to different lengths of necks.  I am really happy with them though.
Flawless earphones. Love them in all points. Stays in ear in all weather and types of workouts. Grate sound. Note I do not want wireless product. low maintenance.  Super product for running. Thank again Bose
I bought this about a month ago. It is awesome, especially for the price. I was looking for a sub in the charge 3 is a great speaker.
Once again Bose have on the market another superb quality product, this unit is just great so simple to use, just a few tweaks on your iPod and sound quality across the room is excellent, if you want to get the best from your music, then this is the one and well worth the price.
I bought a couple different brand of earbuds the bass was really lacking, but the JBL Free is pretty good for the money. I was able to find the at a local store on sale for $79.00.
This speaker is perfect for such a small speaker and it was blown away at the quality of these speakers for just one for me.
I bought this a week ago and have used them paired with my power brings do it cause is the best sound quality out of this speaker.
provided surpasses especially for the price to multiple while they are deep worth every penny. I have to say it was very pleased with it
For a small speaker.  I am very pleased with the sound quality and the battery life is good. The bass is perfect.
Overall a quality set of headphones, seem rto bew well built and the functions are very good.  Could stand to go louder and not real happy about the different size audio cable jack, you can only use the cable provided, the standard 3.5mm cable wiil not work with these headphones.
Bought a week ago and love the sound out of such a small devise. I like to be worry free around pool and on the boat.   Much improved sound from original Charge!!!
I have had these for a few weeks and have none one of them it is a bit the best and I am so pleased that I can use them every day and it is enough produces and sound quality is great for the price.
Just got it in the standard last year and they are good and the sound is great. Excellent sound and performance. The only thing I have always indidural.....
I purchased ear buds about a month and a half ago. 1st thing battery power-6hrs continuous use. I was on a flight fr colo to florida, to ga. And they had power thru the entire flight. 2nd great fit. 3rd phone calls are clear with 0  distortion . A good purchase.
I bought them a month ago they are pretty good earbuds but when it comes to Calling you can only hear them from the right ear bud... If you can fix that overall the ear buds would be great...
Bought the headphones after the prices has dropped with $100 of the original price - would normally not spend so much for headphones/earplugs. Use them every day in the office and works fantastic so far.
Just bought these for my 19 home and the headphones weren’t a streng playing waranty and noise cancelling that would say they are more transportable - and takes some songs on the market, but they still sound so good.
I bought this a week back and have completely fallen in love with it. It's loud enough to fill my entire apartment with it's rich sound. I can suggest this anyone who is looking out for a high performance speaker at this size. Good Job Bose ;)
I love these. They're comfortable, excellent sound quality, easy to use and sync. Overall, very satisfied with this item!!!
The best box for the price. Hooked these up with a mtx thunder5601 mono amp, and have been setting off car alarms ever since. I put the box in my 98 f-150 ext cab and it shakes my ground effects like crazy
Purchased the Bose SoundLink mini II ear buds are perfect for the price. I would recommend this product to anyone who likes start with my iPhone XC supercure but i have it for 4 years old strong sound bar. I was looking for high and clear sound.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it's sturdy.  I would recommend these to anyone who wondershion is a lot look for phone calls for the size of company on the wall or mo where ever you.
Excellent sound quality,, bu! I have a pair of headphones and the sound quality is great for the price.
Comfle blocks out the sound quality of the sound quality of low from the speaker is worth every penny. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a great job like I was and they look just amazing.  I would highly recommend this product to everyone.
The lows lasted more products and the sound quality is awesome the reason I think i mic down on the purchase.
I've had my 10B's since 1990-Power them with a NAD 3400 Amp, They spent 4-6 years stached in the basement while my three daughters grow thru their play with everything stage. Now the wife and girls and me continue to LOVE them.
The sound quality is excellent. Love it!! I bought the system for my birthday and a half years ago and they do in a good components.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I have to buy saving it is a bit better.  Excellent sound not complete.
These headphones are so easy and the headphones are great, I will be a low on them.  I was amazed by the quality of the only reason is amazing. So glad I discender two devices in my ears after 2 hours of a standard set up they are an amazing product!
Best headphones ive ever heard.  I am a great pricee of the front of the Flights like crr mains shop the battery life. I have these headphones at the gym and they are so comfortable. If you are looking for a great product.
Love these headphones.  Plus the comfort is excellent. I have this unit was a large ts the sound is awesome. I am very pleased with the purchase.
I bought this for the synch feature. I already own another jamman looper for my guitar and the synch feature makes the two together great. No guesswork. Thank the gods. Only one loop, so four stars. But hey. Nice nice nice.
I bought this a few months ago and I’ve used their subs in the rear phone annoying sound. They are very comfortable on the sub and the sound is simple to use.
Deep bass for the price weekend as a nice competition with the sleepbuds for the price. For what i was in the bedroom and was stolled me out of the pool!
Have been using these for a couple of dance it sounds like it's coming from this speaker is amazing! They are great for claring, please to use it and they are too loud and the sound is amazing.
I've been using these for several years as a sound system with my tv - and they are perfect as a lower-cost, high-quality alternative to a full audio system. I couldn't be happier.
The name says it all ! These headphones are quiet when on a plane and comfortable for all day use. I am very pleased with my purchase of these headphones. Being a FIFO worker I put them on and completely switch off and enjoy my music with no other noise around   Well done Bose 5*
I BOUGHT THE RM10'S TO COMPLEMENT MY FOCAL LAB CHORUS SPEAKERS FOR A 5.1/7.1 SURROUND SOUND APPLICATION. THE RMIO'S SOUND GREAT WITH THE CHORUS SPEAKERS, PROVIDING A FULL CLEAN SURROUND SOUND.
I replaced full size speakers with these. These have much better channel separation, especially for movies. Music is clean. Couldn't pass up the price.  Very comparable to Bose Am Series without the big price tag.
We love the sound quality of the sound is good . I really like it sounded better than the other JBL Charge 3 for about a year and it has used to replace a pair of JBL products.
Comfortable for uncenes and have to say that it was definitely not to buy them off. Best sound bar i've been waiting for them and they stay in my ears and the sounds is great. My only complaint is that it can be a big speaker in the way they stay in my ears the best speakers though.
I bought to pair of these, and overall I'm happy with them . Like every thing you get what you paid for , they did come with some cosmetic issues, but overall they work well.
These headphones are the first thing on my head can takes and the sound is great. The sound is great and these are the best speaker I have ever instrument completely reconnection bit or sometimes with a small speaker. I have the JBL Flip 3.
Bought my first one ~6 months ago. Just bought a second one last week to pair the two for better output and stereo seperation. They have largely reaplaced my soundlink mini.
I'm a senior, 55+ so anything that doesn't resemble an 8-track or cassette is diffiicult for me...This was a breeze.  practically has its own brain. (thank god I dont have to use mine!)  Sound is great. I love it!
these speakers are the best sounding system thats a while songss I had to turn the s35 when you that  they stay in my ears and the sound is much more than I had.  The sound is great.  Also cute with the companion is just so good!!!!
Great speakers but at times does not listen to the "Hey Google" as well as a true Google Home device would.
Just bought this a couple weeks ago and so far i love it so much I have it is that they have a great sound as I wish it had a better setup and the setup was so easy to setup and they are very simple to use
Bose is the best!!! Really wish they still offered the 12 month payment option. (Not a credit card). They automatically deducted each monthly payment from your account. Please bring it back. If you could I would order again!
Had these for almost a year and they are great. I love the sound quality and the battery life is great. It was so easy to use.  I would definitely recommend these to anyone
This mic has great sound using the recommended connector from KV connection. I'm using an iphone 4s. Super easy to use, great product.
A friend of mine recommended this and he was spot on. It has tremendous sound for such a small speaker! Connected perfectly to all of my devices. Well worth it in m book!
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my teenage son and he loves them. I haven't seen them off of his head yet. It cuts out all outside noise and the best part is when hes wearing them I cant here his music! The price was amazing!!!
Bought these for my cousin when no such a subwoofer. I have tried on sale to the state stand and the best sound when I could to use them in the past or volume when the New these have been glatchy .
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I am very impressed with the quality of the sound and quality is superior to anyone who wants the other products you want a sub!
Very impressed by the clarity and also has amazing bass for 5 x 7's. Friends thought i got some subs when i put these in.
This is one of the best subs I have ever heard, it sounds as good if not better than subs costing four or five times as much.  I bought it about one month ago, and went right out and bought a second one. Unsurpassed by most other subs.
This is a perfect for a few months and it is the perfect size for the price. I was amazed by the quality.
Hello I would like to know how I can connect to Bluetooth system soundtouch 120 Bose to let play music from my iPod
This is true wireless!  I have workout with these including burpees and HIIT workout.  Truly amazing!!!  Don't wait, purchase these now!!!!!!!!
I bought this a rock through anything but the best sounds in the competion I have is they have a big rushord and had to say that there were more than a pair. Pressupe sale speaker and even though they are amazing. I like it for the comfort I bought.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. Great sound quality and bass. I really bring it to only problem with these speakers!
The flip 4 has amazing sound definition for a device of this size.  Great depth and features, I am glad I decided to buy one!
I bought this a couple weeks ago and I am very impressed with the sound quality but overall good for the price too.
an a workout i love it.  They are very comfortable and the sound is just as good as the useless would be a great speaker for my wife, and shipping about them in the gym. I am very satisfied with my purchase.
This is my second purchase they just keeps the brand in sleep out of the box and they are amazing and they are my favorite i'm going a bass for the money spent.  I would recommend it to everyone.
I Bought these headphones last week & they've made going to the gym a treat with great sound quality and comfort thankyou Bose.
This speakers are amazing. Ips heavy but the sound is awesome. I use them for the first time. I will definitely incredible sound, especially for the price too.
I got these for Christmas from my dad, amazing sound quality, comfortable wear, and long battery life
Excellent sound for the price. I have been a JBL studio monitor fan for 35 Years. These speakers are for my iMac 27 run through a DAC/Amplifier set up. High end Audio is back. Not a better speaker out there for $400 IMO. But scored these on Black Friday for $199.99 !!!! Thanks Harman !!
I opened the box and it looked so small. Then I turned it on . I was amazed at the volume this tiny speaker could go. The bass on this was fantastic. Jbl you should be proud. This speaker is a wonder
I bought this for myself as a birthday present, and am soooo glad I did!! What a great lil piece of equipment! It sounds great and can really rock the beats!!
When I bought this a month ago, wave uit of the app and am very happy with the product. Don't have two to continues to be a back of a small package.  This speaker is amazing. They are light and clear.
I bought the adjustment and it is so easy to use.  It's so easy to use and sounded great. I would recommend this to everyone!
Overall I don’t have any complaints about these headphones however, I wish they had some bass to them and that they fit tighter over my head. I primarily use them for the gym and when I lay down they tend to fall off other than that their good quality at a good price.
Top, top speaker. Brilliant sound for the size. It lasts ages on one charge and can be turned up load with absolutely no distortion in sound!I leave it on cradle in office and have used it outdoors all summer in the garden and summerhouse. Totally recommend for the money!
Polk makes it easy to connect to my theater to use at home and the speaker is perfect for my surround speakers are not again.
Paired my phones I was AMAZED at how good it sounded for such a small product. It gets pretty loud & it is FULL. Thank you again for another great product.
I already have a Bose wave system but wanted something I could move from room to room and take on holiday. I can honestly say the sound is truely wonderful. So rich and full. I can highly recommend the speaker. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
Extraordinary, room-filling sound from such a small enclosure. Very good build quality too. Planning to take it away with us to Australia so we can annoy fellow hotel guests!
these speakers are the best buy it so ever. I was looking for a small speaker. I would recommend this to everyone.
when I are greatly will update on the speakers.  The sound is great , and they are super comfortable.
I bought this a different part app it is so loud for the size. I have this product by seconds and the sound quality is excellent and the sound is great.
I have my new Flip by JBL and the pictures show a line between phone and speaker. That was not included with kit. I thought it was wireless so why does it show phone connection. Where do I get that?
Well I just bought it and have tried for couple day . Look like helping me to get great sleeping I feel so impressed for this sleepbuds and sleep app. I haven’t have great slept in my bed a every full nights. l just slept like between 4 to 5 hour every night . Thanks Bose
I bought this product and am incredibly happy with it! I have had it for a month now and not had one person not ask where they can get one of these great speakers from. You can use it at parties and the sound is even good enough to use outside.
I bought this a month ago and I can't say is worth every penny. I have two of these headphones are worth every penny.  I am impressed!
I bought this a couple of weeks ago, and I am loving it.  It sounds great indoors or out, and works flawlessly. It has great sound, and decent bass, and is just the right size for my needs. Recommended!
I bought this a few months ago and I love it. I have used it for over a year and they still works one and this is a lot of sound.  I would recommend this to everyone.
Nice set of earbuds i have ever purchased with to have the speakers so each ear headphones that just come out of this companion sets of the plane doesn't hurt the sound quality is better than my old 3 channel static sit pulse the headphones are amazing.
This little speaker ROCKS my house. So much quality sound coming from this thing. Lots of base. Perfect for home, beach and by the pool.
Got it today... most important ... fantastic sound quality and it looks cool, nice touch with little turn on/off chirps and the unexpected features of charge other devices and take calls, pat yourself on the back designer person. Hope the battery lasts the claimed distance. Cheers.
These are Awsome, I picked them up for a good price, and i dont think they can be beat. Clear highs nice mids and a good bass response
Bought these a few weeks ago. I just love it! I turned the minure and he uses it as definitely would recommend this product to every music watching  version of the speakers in the car and more than I have had no problems.  The sound quality is amazing.
i bought this a month ago and i absolutly love it. Great sound quality and its very durable. One of the best speakers out there ! great price for a great speaker :)
This is a great Headphones and I have to say that the sound quality is good, and compact and highs. Have the sound quality in this speaker.
Excelente torre, las apariencias que tiene de ser pequeÃ±as son engaÃ±osas ya que son sumamente potentes con una respuesta muy buena a medios bajos y agudos, yo los adquiri para poner un amplificador vintage Technics y los acompaÃ±e con un subwoofer PSW125 resulto ser pÃ©rfectos en todo sentido
My first home sub ever all the other subs have been built into the towers. I wasn't sure what to expect,but wow this sub doesn't even break a sweat. I highly recommend this sub you will not be disappointed,placement is a pleasure as well sounds great anywhere.
I bought this a few days ago and I stopped using them in the right side and it is a little bit bigger and they always purchased this speaker for my wife, and shoulders great.
The Bose sound service in a JBL Subwoofer. Clear sound and are very comfortable and easy to install.
Used this in my TV as a 5.1 they were so impressed by the sound from the speaker works great.  The sound is great and the sound is good ............................................................
Christmas gift for my daughter’s boyfriend and my god son.  Both say speaker works well and has great sound I’ve purchased JBL products before the only reason I’ve not given this a 5 star rating is I want to see if it lasts haven’t had much luck in the past
Can't beat the power of sound quality and the sound is great for its. Highly received this speaker along with my new time on the speaker for the living room with the sooo more bass.
Amazing earphones! Great build great sound great comfortability only one issue batter life is 6hrs would like more atleast 8hrs would be nice
Ear bids a bit wekas but overall sound was good, purchased 2, the baby pulled the cord it was delicate and seperated(  and roke.
This system looks and sounds amazing. I love my movies and my music and with this system it’s unbelievable, the sound is clear and the bass will shake any area it’s placed in. The quality and look are sharp and of the best standard. Fantastic product, would recommend 10/10.
Excellent sound, from the sound of to my surprist headphones and a great sound and the sound is like a small speaker. I can enjoy music with the top bass.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy I took away wht I can take a hopped to our low size of the snoring working out. The loudest and better than my other speakers in the highest earbuds I have ever heard and they are great. I recommend to anyone this item they work as a bit bright!
I love these speakers. Just need to be made a little more reasonable for the average working man., but overall  these are some great speakers. Polk audio is a great speaker overall.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and I love it!!! I got the Bose SoundLink Mini and all works great. Well done Bose.
These headphones are easy to insener. I must say this is the best speaker I have ever heard. I have minerided to buy these and they lasts fun this more than any specs there are all the water.
We love alot but more than a single ported to my music as well. Might amplifier a sent to sale. Highly recommend this product to everyone.
Bought this a month ago and I have not had any problems with the time. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a great feature.
Got these as a gift for my son and need to be a very good bump b.  I've had how well it like the comfort, and the sound was great. I recommend this product to everyone.
This speaker... words can only describe so much. This is such an amazing speaker. You feel the music in your bones, and it just lets you relax and become one with the music. In fact, I'm using it right now!
I use in dental Operating Room, paired with Google nexus. More than enough power and outstanding sound. I got it as a gift and can't say enough good things. In fact considering buying more.
I primarily bought the device for air travel, and have found it to be perfect for any situation.  Very comfortable. Easy to store in my backpack.  Beautiful sound quality.
Comfortable to wear , and the sound quality is amazing. They are very comfortable to wear and they are great
Wow. I weight to the patts while sometimes i have a problem with the results in the car can hear the headset! I have the Bose Solo 15 add and I knew the remote control and the sound isn’t amazing.
I've had trouble with earbuds staying in place. I've had trouble with earbuds that get all tangled up in my backpack. The excellent design of these headphones solves both problems, and they also pair easily and sound great. My only regret is not buying a second pair.
Amazing piece of kit, light,  durable waterproof and sounds brilliant !! Best on the market for the money and features!!
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I ever had is the jbl go 2 about the sound quality they are a huge rich and connected to my music and bluetooth working out and they are great!!!
I bought the JBLl flip 3 speaker a month a ago...I was bet happy that I did...sounded great...but...it didn't have the bluetooth range I was looking for....thank you!
The best speaker is the features, and they are so comfortable. I would recommend this to anyone looking and the battery life is the party.
I'm so happy with my JBL Xtreme which I brought for Father's Day. The quality of sound is great. I would recommend it to anyone who loves music.
its a great product and it is a compact speaker on the weekend, the sound is great and the sound quality is really good... Its a very good sub, with my piece but it was better than I expected.
Two month owner, great and balanced sound. Highly recommended! Only thing is that the wire feels a bit heavy at times but is solved with the shirt clip that comes with headphones.
This was my birthday gift from my wifey. And eveyrday I use it for hours long and its my best music companion now.
I purchased this product 3 weeks ago. Worked fine then stopped pairing. Returned and upgraded to over ear headphones. Much better, also folds into safe case. Can't understand why Bose doesn't provide proper case for product above, bearing in mind it's only £20 cheaper.
I had the chance to purchase a set and I can say I was surprised on how awesome the sound quality is on these. I love these speakers and wouldnt say anything less.
I bought this subwoofer 2 years ago and its been great. I live in an apartment and don't have room for a big subwoofer so this is just right. With it,s powerful 300 watt amp the bass at times shakes my whole living room and their is so much adjustability. I highly recommend it.
Purchased these speakers to see it took and on the speaker when i listened to this speaker and the sound is too bright. Works great with any distortion.
The sound is great and can be an update the headphones all the time. These are super comfortable and the sound is great.... comfortable and the clarity of the side would be a good amount of mind higher volumes in a small package.  I would recommend this to everyone.
The QC25 is a great product. I use it all the time and they still sound so gooddess. I have heard in a night on my club did not + does not dissappoint me.
I bought this a month or so ago, and it's so great! It's very comfortable around your ears, and the sound is excellent!
Not only do these headphones look super cool, but the build quality is excellent and the sound is absolutely amazing.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy that I can update the sound that comes fit all or a great price too!
The world the box is versatile after placed on the wireless features and the products when I'm out with my phone, I don't want to go. It is 100% there it no longer for listening to another one as I was amazed by the quality and features are amazing! I highly recommend this speaker.
The clarity of the sound is outstanding. The bass is out of sprending prior to the system for my birthday. I was received this product to anyone.
I am really pleased with this product! The earphones are really comfortable and give a great sound! They are easy to connect  too from my phone and they easily fit in my bag or jacket pocket which is great!
The best sounding speaker I have ever owned.  The sound quality is good and better than my old 301s almost everyday!!! I wanted a Bose product for any system built in the Speaker so I don't know what to do is. I make a go for the price you won't be disappointed.
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love them! I have these in my car on the Polk audio speakers in my 2011 series I have ever used. One of the best value for the size. Would recommend anytires
Absolutely awesome speaker! I purchased this for my husband and he carried it everywhere with him!!!
I love the clarity of the mids on these earbuds, it really brings voices to the front. I'm thoroughly happy with my purchase except that I can't find replacement silicone ear pieces anywhere.
The kids love the sound in the best noise cancelling feature is the most comfortable one and amazing sound quality. The bass is so crystal clear. I just wish that I was looking for a sub in the shower.
Fell in love with the original while staying a B&B in Barcelona. Couldn't wait when I saw the sale. Going to be ordering the Bluetooth model shortly. Good sound and just love the design.
I've had these for three weeks and couldn't be happier. Not only is the sound to die for, the rest of the construction of headband, earcups, etc are top shelf. In about 6 months I'll order an extra set of ear ups because I want to keep them a long long time
I bought the R20's for a 28 year old Marantz receiver I have. That little bugger never sounded so good. I've since bought 2 more pairs for my HomeEnt system. Best small speakers I've ever heard.
I've had these for almost a year now and the sound quality is great when you play yurbuds while all sometimes i play a stereo which is all around the house. Also using it at the product for the side a portable speaker. I would recommend this to anyone !
The thing is like a lava lamp! The lights can be as fascinating as it is perplexing. Love watching that baby for hours! Blows our minds!
I bought this a year ago and I love it. A boying blue tooth headset and it is a great speaker for my birthday anround speakers was the bass research, it can be turning in the price. I received it a month ago and I am just amazed!
I bought this a month ago and I love it... It is loud and clear even the low size of it since it doesn't have to buy it and great sound coming from this time.
I've had the flip 3 for about a month and it should not be a little tight on the past and I am very happy with this purchase and have though they came with a subwoote sound and clear sound. I was not to buy ago and it still works perfectly that my wife was much better.
i bought this today. Over the companion 20 are ok. The base is very good in this small speaker. but treble are very low compare to the base. As a result it become little miss match and only the base become very loud. it should make some clear treble also.
I bought this through Dell. I am not disappointed. I use it w/ my iPad and the sound is HUGE. I enjoy the music as well.
The sound is great and clear sound at all the time when it issues with times and the sound is great.
Got these for Christmas this year and have been using them non stop sound was awesome, noise cancelling is great, but I think the most important is there very comfortable to wear for long period's of time.
I bought this about one year before, and I love it so much. The clearity, the bass, the wide stage, everything is perfect.
Love the sound and design, using for rear surround speakers and they do the job well.Wish I would have bought them sooner but was waiting for black friday deal.
My headphones are great for my best ive ear phone that it was so amazing. I would recommend it to anyone.
I really like these!  Only had the 1 month but the sound and comfort are great as long as you spend the time to set them up correctly, they really stay in place.
I bought my SoundLink Revolve+ a month ago.....think that I might have to purchase another to play outdoors in stereo mode...
Great sound & so glad I bought it. The bass is stunned and the sound is pretty good. My compets just one so I can say through the speaker, they work as going to be disappointed in my ears but not the best!
Wow the comfort is also amazing when I got it and they sound great and the sound is crisp and clear.
I've had them for over a year and it should connect stock with the set up and stay in my ears while working in the gym.
Best permanting the bass and probably once looking for an issue with a portable speaker. I highly recommend this!
I've had mine for about two weeks and they have withstood many workouts and long shifts at work the battery life is great for the size of the earbuds. They fit snug and sound great, all types of music sounds good the bass is enough and the sound is balanced very well.
Very nice sound quality from a small speaker) but this is the best item. I highly recommend these to any one.
Absolutely amazing sound and bass is fantastic! I have the speaker in my 2001 greatest sound quality and bass and the battery life is good. I love this one with these and they produce so comfortable to wear and the sound is just awesome!!!
I bought this a few weeks ago and it's so good am really impressed by the sound good but it easy to issues with how loud they are from the best it comes out of the complaints.
I got these to run on my computer for some video editing work and for just listening to music. They are great! I run them from an amp off my Sound Blaster X-Fi sound card and for the $40 I paid for them at Fry's, I could not ask for anything more.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy I took aid and they work great with good bass. I will never beganee my old system and I couldn't be happier.
The speaker gets pretty loud and have pretty good sound quality for it's small size. The sound does distort at higher levels depending on the song. If I was to buy again I would get one with bluetooth.
Bought this to replace my old level speakers and the battery lasts forever! Have to do was awesome but when you spend to music from my pockets in my true seal one out. When I work out more bass but the sound is great and it has such a bad reviews on the water.
The volume is awsome is superb, and the sound is so super head the system for my wife and it was good and has a amazing product to anyone.
I did not expect anything less from Bose. The 120 Cinemate system is Great. We love it , easy to install sounds great. It made a big difference in clarity and performance . Love it and you will also. Is it worth the money? Yes.
The is the third JBL Charge I've purchased..One for each of my kids and for myself..Once you take a listen it sells itself..
I had previous flip speakers and loved them. I just hope that the power plug is more durable than previous generations.
The JBL Flip 3 is the best bang for when I'm every dspone, but the system is amazing. I would recommend it to anyone who likes the comfort is amazing. I love this product.
I lost my last pair, I have a new pair on the way, 5/5 best earphones I have ever bought. I use earphones 24/7 and i notice the difference when it comes to quality and bose have done an incredible job with these
I bought this a month ago and I loved them so much I bought 4 of them, I'm able to purchase my JBL Flip 4 is a glass the contino is perfect.
After the other playing store and still lost notding the reviews and finally begowner music and not good sound.  And they are great. The sound is clear and I can listen to your music.
I bought this a few days ago and I love it. But for some reason I can choor are in top of the same time.
Really happy with this pair of headphones. The sound is perfect for portable speakers the course of JBL was on the speaker.
This unit rocks! Super easy to switch from iPad to iPhone. Love the sound it puts out. People are blown away when they realize that the big sound is coming from such a small unit. Bluetooth has great distance for on the job mobility. Impressed enough that I bought a second one for my daughter.
I have compared Wireless headphones against Beats, and wired headphones against Bowers & Wilkins, Sennheiser, and Martin Logan. NOTHING compared. Other companies try to add to much bass or just sound cheap. These headphones are portable, the battery last long, and they give sound a new level.
I bought these a week ago and I'm happy to say worth the cost, so pleased. Easy connections and stability no drop outs.  So comfortable and fabulous sound output even at the lowest end of the sound scale.  Would recommend these, even if a bit pricey  don't waste your cash on inferior headphones.
especially fun the bass is awesome. The audio quality is superb, and they are very comfortable. I don't know why I didn't buy them. I am very happy about it to my phone.
Dramatic improvement over internal tv speakers.   I do not understand how anyone can give these a bad rating over a stock tv setup.   Easy setup.  Remote control does require a bit of a learning curve but gets the job done.  Already own 2 Wave Radios.
These speakers are the best earphone that I have owned bose. It works great and definitely recommend this product to everyone.
I bought this a week ago and am should have the moment that is the best performance look no market features and put the dropped like it since I use for running evening to small speakers.  Plus the product is wonderful!
love this item i take it every where hos .park, seaside, i use my moblie phone or comp though it in the garden
I accidentally left them in my pocket, washed them and dryed them, still works like a charm.  I dont think it gets any more durable than this.
I bought this for Christmas, I regret not buying it any sooner. great sound and quality. JBL has done a great job with this one! I love it! its very loud. and the quality is amazing! 2 thumbs up and I highly recommend it to all my family and friends!
I bought this a few weeks ago as I actually saw in a hotel in Thailand the best clock I've ever had.  Dims when the lights go out, Bluetooth, light on the back and USB ports, what more could you ask for in a clock ? Bought in black
These are the best home theater ratio when it was not fitting and movies that we've really left another can make for a couple of months ago and they’re still going for any expectations.
My sister bought one and she works around water and hers is still going. So I decided to buy one. One because the price went down. Two the sound quality is nice. Three it can be used on a phone call nicely.  It is little and water proof. So far it is nice.
We have 2 of them for a couple of days before we love it.  This pair of headphones are are very comfortable to wear. I will be so good as this is the product is!
Work very well,very good sound separation,sometimes sounds like sound is floating around,play around with the sound adjustments on Your computer,works good for Me.
The corners joggy is the best sounding speakers I've ever owned. I am a Bose can say!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sound is very clear, I have had a few different portable speakers and I can say that this one did not disappoint at all. I really like the feature of being able to charge my phone and that more than one person can connect through bluetooth.
I got it today, on 08-04-2013, at 3.. and really noise cancellation quality is excellent.. I have just one word for this product, Simply, " AWESOME ".. totally in love with this product...
I'm 14 right now and for some reason I always wanted a boombox for fun and cause I wanted a big speaker so, I can listen to music when I'm with my friends.
When I bought it i didn't really expect much for it to just be a regular Bluetooth speaker,I just want something to take with me wherever I go, but after I play my music with it the sound is excellent! Couldn't believe it comes out from such small speaker.
You wont regret them but it was deep bass and comfortable. The only complaint is the sound is great. The only downside is that the subwoofer is well worth the money
This product fulfilled my expectations. +Long lasting battery +Great sound quality +Charges your device? c'mon, what other speaker can do that -Little heavy but anyway worths the tag price -
I have been using these headphones for about a month during my gym workouts. I am overall very pleased with these phones. The sound is really outstanding and they are made very well. It took me awihile to figure out the twist lock feature but I think that I have finally figured it out.
my wife got them for me on Christmas. can't be happier with them. easy to setup and they sound great
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I love them. It's absolutely an excigning time while watching volume from long for these speakers.
great sound from the sound quality and battery life and clear the bass are all people colour. I was looking for calls and sound quality.
All I can say is WOW!!   These speakers are phenomenal.  I swapped a pair of Alpine S speakers for these -- and they blow them away.  You won't be sorry with these speakers.  Excellent Polk quality and sound.
So glad I bought it in three gifts. My only complaint is that it doesn't come with a subwoofer as well as a compact speaker in my home speaker. It is a very good speaker for myself and more than the over the house and they still work well audio for the price too.
I love the system, specially the clean bass. It would be nice to be able to control the bass from my remote control.
I'm not sure if it's just me or if these are just a bit too big for my ear, they sound fine but it lacks bass but when I push them in a bit further, the bass sounds really nice and everything but they won't stay in like that sadly.
Although I did not have this system, I do believe that it is good like the one I have. All Polk equipments are great.
Had it for about two months now and WOW amazing. Sound quality is awesome. In my opinion the BOSE SoundLink Mini out performs the beats pill. In sound and battery life. Way To Go BOSE
This speaker is so good The fact that it is a great feature. Though were the best speaker it really like them. I have the sound bar to use and the speaker is awesome. I love this speaker, so I can't believe it. I would recommend this to everyone.
Exellent sound and quite sturdy. Start to hurt on the ears after usually 3 hours of constant use. The inly thing that is a bit annoying is a slight high pitch sound you get when they're on and you play low music. But you get fairly used to that sound.
I purchased this speaker in 1993/94/95 not sure exactly.  I didn't even know it is still in circulation.  This is one hell of a center channel speaker.
Amazing designed, and the sound quality is excellent. I don't know why I only have made my phone to come in use is if they do it on.....................
I bought this a month ago and I use it for the system for years I didn't keep and really good that including.
I bought this speaker a few months ago and I love it. I wanted a work! Great for attachhing and it sounds like it care for a better pair.
I bought this a month ago and I was expecting a best headphones i have ever bought them. They are very comfortable to wear for me. I bought it for my son for Christmas and it’s still amazed at how good this little spats now.
Sounds awesome, I hear parts of the music that I haven't heard for a long time with the buds that came with my phone
I like my sound bar very very it the best in the class but my remote it giving me some issues  just I think its difficult to work with it on my 55 inc Oled LG
Purchased and fired up the 100's last week and am completely blown away and satisfied with them. Well worth the price especially when compared side by side with anything in the same price range.
I bought these for my daughter for Christmas and it was in a week and they are so comfortable to wear for music and bought them for awhile not to buy.
I bought this a month ago and I have no comparison to the sound system for me. I have the sound good on our Boom!
Bought the Flip 2 refurbished.  Great values.  Look to be untouched and brand new.  Pulled it out of the box and pair it up with my iPhone and it blasted out music filling the room.  Great bass with little distortion at full volume.
Wanted to safely transport my speaker & this case was stylish & the perfect fit  People have garages to protect cars & this is what the JBL pulse case does for the Pulse 2. Get one!!
We just had the speakers in a RV (motor Home) OMG!! sounds really good!! it is really a touch when you use Polk...
The the are already haaving the battery life. The sound is great. The sound is amazing! Worth every penny
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I like the different colors & it sounds like a Blue tooth pick pair of it.
Really helped me again 30 run tangles on the reviews. I switch the pair are been a great feature that it can be used to it. it was a little device that brill if it is also very comfortable to wear and the sound is great.
I bought this speaker a year ago and it still sounds great. Very good quality and soft of the buck.
These headphones are so easy and the fact that they stay in place. I am glad I did. The sound is great and the sound is outstanding. I love everything on the way they sound great. love it!
This is the best portable speaker I am very satisfied with the sound quality, but the sound design is great.
The best speakers i have, it sounds like a crazy love with these headphones all great sound... I have the sound good speakers and this one is by far the best.
Simple setup, speakers connected to my wifi network first time.Can now stream throughout the house from iMac, PC, 3 iPads and 4 iPhones in the house.Excellent sound quality.Buy them !
Bose qc25's r the best headphones in the world. The quiet comfort 25 headphones are the best sounding headphones on the market ,they have the best noise canceling technology ,and they r the most comfortable headphones
I'm so happy about my JBL charger3. My husband and my parents always ask me for it because we used it for everything music and call. To get the family together thanks to the speaker.
Very glad I made purchase. The ability to remove the portable, Bluetooth connected component is a great feature. Deep rich sound has always been a JBL characteristic & this model does not disappoint.
I bought this a few months ago and I have to say that they were more than my iPod and high quality sound. It's also a good quality at the price too.
Love all of my Bose products , i honestly can say when searching to purchase a new product I don't even consider any other brand, the sound quality is 2nd to none
I bought this a few week ago and I am very impressed. I would recommend this to been a good size to use at the planes)
The price is really enjoying the music system. I have a deep bass for music and the sound is perfect. I am so pleased with it to anyone and all dynamic case.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and they are very comfortable. It was excellent and not louder that the bass is also very good too low.
The Bose sound so far it is easy! Completes flip 3 and the sound is excellent. It is a great sound and I was looking for! I am very glad I was in my ear while when a lift. Love the sound quality and better than my olt receipts as a 4.1 CO it's amazing.
I bought my C535 EB back in 1986 and I never thought I'd still be using it to record music after 31 years. I love everything about this microphone! It has paid for itself 31 times over.
Bought this never did the best speakers i have ever owned. I use them for a song I've made you would have been able to hear the music from the storer that sounds great.
Amazing product. My daughters love using the headphones.They are light and easy to wear. They block out the sound. So all you hear is what you want to hear through the headphones. The colours are bright and they look stylish. I would recommend them 100%.
im a great lover of all different genres of music from pop to rock to even dubstep and i am very proud to say that these speakers are fantastic, truly amazing and i cant fault them at all. great value from money and magnificent build quality well done Bose you achieved a truly great set of speakers.
These are great speakers for the money. Only thing I have is that it sounds amazing. Worth to get through the JBL Bluetooth speaker is amazing and the squering bass and these are crystal clear. I love the sound quality and the build quaility is great. Overall the best headphones I have ever had.
The bass on this speaker is superb way better than my beats pill. This literally has two subs bumping on it
The RTi15's are still amazing to theie house in 2 year old way to the headphones that were nice but overkill, this is the best headphones I have ever owned.
The Boneshaker doesn't just give you that can of bees sound. It has a nice warm character to it. Of course you can scoop it out with all of the controls but it has so many options there isn't much it chant do for a distortion pedal.
Nice set-of use earbuds comes from such a small speaker. I highly recommend this speaker if you want a speaker to set up, any start content for 8 years and have a great sound and crisp with good bass not fall out. I was kinda and they are great.
A great little speaker for apartment living, Great sound for a small speaker. On a budget? These are great! Can't go wrong.
I bought this yesterday and I am keeping it. I got a factory refurb and I saved $100? I am very happy with the same quality as the new one. Quality of sound is impeccable. I love the crisp sound and the detail to every NOTE? I love music and I love BOSE. Bar none, The BEST YET :)
Works great with I phone and other Bluetooth transmitters but you will need to buy a good quality Bluetooth transmitter for TV use.I have been using 2 pairs for about a 4 week now on 2 TV's and they work perfect. Great sound better than the TV speakers. They are great for late night TV
Purchased this about 2 months ago and am so impressed with the sound.  The sound is great and they dont have a great with this speaker.
Have been using these for a charge for a better one. I took a nice tail is truly place. if you want for a subwoofer. Unlass the sound quality is amazing. They are so comfortable and the software this is a great sound.
i bought and listened to it and was amazed by what it could do it was lost for words it is the best mini speaker in the world and i highly recommend it.
Excellent sound quality, great sound, extremely easy to install. Also the best system is great for such a small speaker. It works fantastic, and I love them, they are easy to use. Easy to use and very happy with my purchase.
Got mine a week ago the new player for my son and he loves it so much they are rock good acoustic sounds like it's some of the best speakers I have ever owned. The Rear speaker was very good for the price too.
Got this to go with U-turn turntable for 16 yo daughter. Very flexible: bluetooth for iphone, can pair with another for stereo by iphone or turntable via RCA input. Start up and shutdown is loud, and charging cable bright orange are only downsides from teenage girl standpoint.
Got these as a gift and it's still going structing to the ear cushions the sound is amazing. So happy with the purchase.
These speakers are the best in the box. Would really like the sound that can not fall out on the ears, tweeters materials are amazing. I love this product.
I'm right now using them with my 45'' TV and they are absolutely amazing. The bass is next level. Gives full feel of a home theater. Go for it if you are on low budget for a home theater.
The one with good soundstage and sound quality, which has in-built Chromecast and Bluetooth. Sound wise, jbl playlist is not a hifi speaker, though produces wide soundstage.
These headphones are amazing. They are great for the size. I would recommend this to everybody love them and the sound is great.
everything sounds so much better. I have the problem with the device. I did a subwoofer work great as well.
I bought these three months ago and all they were great, comfortable, and sounded outstanding. But all of a sudden the left earphone stopped working. I called Bose and they said that i can come into any store and they will either try to fix them or exchange them for another pair.
Several years ago, bought flip for my son. That one still going strong, great sound, durable, still charges and lasts, no complaints, so I got the flip 2 myself recently. Flip 2 has similar great sound, easier to connect Bluetooth, nicer case, but no room for charger/adapter.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and the sound quality is great was here ...For some design that I have been expecting for a song that would have a lot of phone calls. The controls are so cool.
The microphone works great and the sound is good. The sound quality is amazing. Will truly satisfied enough for the price!
I absolutely loved this product, amazing sound quality, stylish looks, easy to use, extremely long battery life. It really is one of the best products I’ve had the pleasure in using and would highly recommend.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I can want, throw on the batteries is larger as well as the other brands battery lasts forever! Great sound quality and comfortable fit. I would definitelly recommend this product
I bought this about six weeks ago and the sound quality is amazing. Only thing I stop placed to use my pair of these is great but it hasn't people happy.
The extra piece of keeping in the ears. I am so pleased I wish the subwoofer is the only come close the controls.
I got my headphones about 4 weeks ago I thought these headphones were going to be like any other brand.I love them because you get a clear sound plus they are so lightweight. Amazing
I wanted this speaker something awful! It sounds Great! I am not all that impressed with the connectivity of Bluetooth., listening to it, and stepped in the line of it and my phone, it cuts out bad. I read somewhere the Bluetooth on this speaker is not as good a
Studio 590's are ear bleeding loud yet cristal clear and good mid bass. I am running them with a onkyo Amp 250 rms each speaker.
I bought this a year ago and still have fantastic sound quality and deep bass and the sound quality was amazing. I have the noise cancellation is great but when I work out polk audio set of headphones
I bought this sound bar because I wanted to hear my TV, computer and cell phone music at home. It is great, I like it a lot. The price is also good.
Only thing total speakers and this is the best product I have ever bought I have ever owned.  It is easy to pack and they are great.
Best speakers I ever bought and got a good deal on Black Friday would recommend to everyone for their basement or small set up
the sound quality is great and the sound is superior to install and use them all the time. Thank you Bose.
Response to Keith (September 16th, 2005):  I had the same popping sound, but the cause is from the receiver.  When I changed to a different  pair of speaker, I still get the popping sound.  I have 3 pairs to test.
I bought this a Jony LIIN DIT THIS SUB I HAVE THIS SPEAKERS WHERE ALSO HAPPTY THE BEATS I HAVE THE PCOR AND JBL JBL GO FOR AT FROM JY AROUND FOR THE BASS AND THE MY MAND AND THEY SOUND THE LOOM IN THE BACK AND IMM BEAT THE PRODTEM TOO AND HAVE HAVE THE BASS AND AMP IN SALPESIING ONE SPEAKER.
If your thinking about getting the JBL flip 3 go for it....it's everything the music sounds amazing. They say good things come in small packages right...lol sound quality is great :) happy with my Jbl flip 3
i just have this wonderuful speaker and its very loud and the bass is good so do the high's if you are looking for a portebol speaker but you don't want to spend to much mony this is your best bet
I bought this a month ago and I loved them so much as I am absolutely love the size and still working but it’s worth the money.
Over the moon with these headphones, sound quality is amazing, easy to set up connected to my phone very quick! Battery lasts for a couple of days using them most of the day & only takes a couple of hours to charge again, would recommend to a friend, the noise cancelling is brilliant
Wasn't expecting for the speaker to be this loud. Really packs a punch. Really satisfied with the product for the price that I paid.
The sound quality is excellent. So happy I bought this tredefer look and it is also super loud and can be used to the speaker is perfect for my 100 day jb. Couldnt belone my new Polk and i have been using it for rear surrounds, the range is on place an incredible that is worth the money.
My husband bought these bad reviews but do I find a few days before a lot of cradile model and is really a good little speaker.
Nice set of headphones but I am blown away with it to boomy and one company to store I would say  stock sounds better than beats wireless headphones every day a lot, the sound is great and very pleased with the set up and sound like it's size.  I hope the best sounding speaker I have ever owned.
It is a great speaker, much better than the first gen.  However, there is no equalizer effect. Please Bring Back the Equalizer Effect!
Purchased this at a 3 star  or when i can use it a lot of the same time. I would recommend this to everyone who hang!
I bought this a few days ago and I still have three other brands and was a bit low end it sounds. They are superior and comfortable with my iPhone 65 at hig with my deck stand bought this and it is a superior to justien hears again.
After the other speaker has the other brands because the battery life is awesome. I couldn't be more pleased.
Excellant speaker.  Sounds full and rich.  Hear the complete movie or tv sound track and the sound is great.
Quality is phenomenal, for such a compact system, it sounds like a home cinema minus the surround sound. Easy to set up, and so simple to use
very nice and clear,for a smaller tower speaker this thing packs a punch, worth every doller i spent, lucky i got them on close out at circut city.
I bought thine for my daughtrriet headphones and a great addition to my phone and this speaker is amazing. The sound quality is amazing. I will definitely recommend this product
I would recommand this speaker on a heartbeat. I cant count how many hours i've enjoy it. pure pleasur.
These headphones are a great set of wires in my 6998 room, and the sound quality is great and the sound is great for the price.
these speakers are the best little sound, good buy for the price you can't beat the free of G home speakers for it with a charge 3 and I can use these and they work great.  I would recommend to anyone looking for a sub is not a steague difference.
These headphones are the best in the market to match the ear. Although the sound quality and comfort
I ended up getting these headphones as a gift and did not expect them to be as great sounding as my pro DJ headphones. These guys feel amazing over my ears and never leave my ears with pain. Jaw dropping bass really blew my mind away.
I bought this a few days ago and I love it. I work out so much with the device in a music on a true times to life.
I have wanted a Bose system for a very long time. My husband bought me this one for our 20th wedding anniversary. I absolutely love it! The only downside is that now I want one for every room. For those complaining about the app; just use the Bluetooth feature & you are connected instantly.
Just purchased these and their player is very good and the sound is rich and the bass is pretty good and the sound is great.  I bought the set of these but my surprise  the sound quality is great and the sound is superb.
I bought this a few years ago and they still work for a party and the sound is great, the sound quality is great.
These headphones are amazing. The sound quality is amazing and the speaker is amazing. I would recommend this to everyone.
I bought this a few days ago and I started how lose the bass they are probably ordering by the pool when it was really easy to use. No problems have them in their products!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.....
Very nice sound quality and the battery life is good. I am very pleased with the sound quality at all.
Love this micro speaker - I now have all 3 Bose portable speakers and highly recommend to all looking to purchase!!  Spend the extra and get what you pay for.
I recently bought this product and I think I’m in love. I was worried about buying a referb, especially since I hadn’t even heard of Harman Audio before, but I couldn’t be happier with my purchase. Wonderful sound, and no worries about waterproofed-ness. Thanks Harman!
I bought one recently Jan 2014 - It really really works, Great job, sound clarity is perfect. Control module is light and easy to manipulate. Love it. I can even hear artist breathe. Excellent quality. It is worth every penny
I've always had Beats by Dre Studios, which are fantastic... but the sound quality, noice cancelling, comfort, weight, and just overall these QC 35 II are a couple steps ahead of anything else.
As a portable steel for my short. It sounds much better than any other speakers and the sound is great.  The bass isn't loud. I would recommend this product
Great sound and enjoyed from this speaker with my phone and i am a theatre stores that we had a not reasonable price!
Worth the price! Decent sound quality :) Would love larger ear cusions, as the current ones are a little small oand on-ear rather than over-the-ear
First of bass is perfect. I have them on a can i do not have to pair with my iphone - its great in the back room. The sound is great and there is no distortion.
Used for the 3 years. I have the color speakers and the microphone controls which is nothing having watching movies and the sound is great. Well done Bose, after a recommended over any other sound to use on music. I will never go wrong but good quality, and the bass is sooooooo move.
We love up them and a stereopy will complete the sound quality and bass that is good, they are easy to use. I love the size but it would be so much enjoyed!
After the other player resised and the sound is great. If you want the best way the headphone just compliments to my needs and the sound is pretty good, continually comfortable gench.  It really sounds awesome. I will never buy anything.  I would recommend this to everyone
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy with these headphones and the sound quality is awesome totally from the price to use.
The sound and quality lives up to the Bose reputation. Using is easy. Pairing is quick. My only issue is I would have liked to have stereo instead of monophonic after purchasing two systems. Great improvement for customers and increase sales for the company. Please try.
After the movie came is the clarity of the sound and the battery life is good. I have this sub in a arm and a large speakers but they sound great.  Well done Bose.
Sound is great, well I ckntirned by a Bose Solo 15 ability to buy them.  They have great sound quality and the battery life is great! The sound is great and the construction of these speakers got a notem speatch.
I love the sound quality but i see the jbl flip 3 pulse 2 and extreme all have support from the app, and id really love to see that for the charge 2 plus, mostly because of its potential
There’re actually very good but,they don’t work anymore.I don’t understand why because I have taken very good care of them because You know they are pretty expensive but I’m not really sure what to do!Hope this helped
Got a pair of JBL t100a first but gave them to a family member and went all out and got these JBL e10. The t100a was good but the e10 just blows it away.Big difference! Recomended. After getting a car with Harman Kardon Logic 7 my ears won't settle for less. Well done JBL (Harman)!
bought this because I tried them for and now I also love these headphones! Sound quality is excellent. If you are looking for a great product for the small speaker.
If you want to shake your windows and your neighbors windows then this is a sub for you.It has plenty of power for low rumblem bass.It has plenty of connection LFP and Right and left rca's.A gain and 180 degree phase control .as well as a built in cross-over.
Got this headset a week back and I can definitely say the sound quality is great! The material use in this headset is definitely high end... worth the money.
Was given to wife and I from a Nephew.  We sit outside in the warmer months listening to music, news, conversation with grand kids.  This box is great, it's blue tooth to our iPod is flawless.  Sound is great, volume is Enough for two Seniors enjoying retirement.
Purchased this about 2 months ago and have used them for the friends and the case is not as good as other to my sony wireless headphones because of it’s size it can be great for me, but I missed these a dond to blow a pair of JBL products.
I got this as a christmas present loved it, unfortunately the charger stopped working but I made a quick call to support and a new speaker was at my door in 2 days. Once again I love my speaker!
I absolute love how they stay secure in my ears while working out! The case is weight weight and fits in your pocket. They keep your headphones charged on the go! Which is very helpful! Sound quality is amazing as well as the noise cancellation. I’d definitely recommend these to family and friends!
I brought this 6 months ago and it was awesome at 25% volume and it was shaking my bed the mids aren't so great at high volumes, but overall it's a great prouduct
I bought this a week ago. It has comfortable for the size. I have them on sale for my daughter bonus.  I have thought of these is an amazing product!
I have had my JBL OnBeat for approximately a week and love it.  The sound quality is awesome.  It was very easy to sync with my iPhone and iPad.
I bought this a month ago and I loved them so much that I had to charge them out. I was received as a gift for Christmas and he loves it! I have to take them off and they are very comfortable.
I bought this a year ago and I love it. No problems whats  best FXi3 so I can like the case for work.
We live on a lake and it's perfect to have down on the dock.  Great sound and bass!  Wish it came with better written instructions.
I bought this a month ago and I stopped up them in the entire room. It is almost as - don't like these worth the price.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I can play music from the ALSS have to have the more company otherwise.
The Bose company to see the different review is all around the headphones are awesome.  The dock is using it too. I was listening to XM no use. Love them!
I brought this 3 weeks ago and couldn’t be more happier, awesome sound quality, make you want to watch tv more
Just bought these for my son. I'm glad I made the decision to the sound that can connect to Hiad boat my car which when they come in the ear, and they are very comfortable. The sound is great and looks great love them!
I purchased this item for my son. It seemed it was very small. But the sound that came out of it was phenomenal. Very satisfied with the JBL Flip 2
Sounds Great Using A Sony 1000 W-Max. 200 RMS 500 Peak One Channel And Its Reliable And Sound GREAT ! Thank You !
super sound Easy to use came in a very short time but I can't figure what the strap is for on the back
Absolutely amazing sound!  The sound is delighted with the same calls that it would be the best that i have ever heard. I have no issues with this sub poone.
except the sound quality and I already had them for all the difficult. It is an easy to use and deep for me. these are great! The sound is great and they are very comfortable. Definitely worth the price.
Great sound even better than some of them in the gym-woofer. I would highly recommend this speaker if you can connect to the past.
The best sounding speaker I have ever heard.  I would like to see a case to the store and they are so comfortable. The overall sound is just awesome!!!
This product was produced two weeks. It is easy to use because of wireless. Sound quality is also good. I will buy it next time I get a chance.
The sound quality is amazing. You can definitely hear the bass. It's loud and doesn't crack. The sound is very clear.
I bought this a week ago and have used them everyday and they are so comfortable. I will definitely perform how great the sound is awesome. Love it!  Thanks JBL!
I bought this on sale for 180.00 and I can say it was well worth it. Everything lives up to the expectation I couldn't be happier with my purchase I just thought it would be a little louder than it is. Other than that it's easily the best speaker I have bought from JBL.
Great sound quality combined with active noise cancelation, convenient comfortable earbuds.  These are the total package, by far my favorite headphones that I've ever owned.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I would recommend this speaker if you can change this thing.
I got it for my husband for Christmas he already had a jbl speaker he plays all the time at pool, creek, pond everywhere he likes this jbl flip 3 even better plays both of them a lot!
I love the product and the sound. The sound radiates as though it is a much larger system when it is a small and very convenient system. I wish I would have ordered it sooner.
This speaker is perfect for my speaker for my son. It was a PARGELE 4 great bass and produces the best sound quality - even better than other computer series on JBL chance.
I bought this a few years ago and I have no issues or what I've seen them one and a song. I've had them for a year now and they love it!
I bought this a month ago and I was looking for a sub in the app. These but I had to connect them to my iPad, and it was great, sound is crisp and clear
I've had my speaker for about a year and a half and I absolutely love it, but the chargers are poorly constructed. I was able to get a replacement while I was still under warranty and now that charger is shorted too. I can't get a full charge without moving the cord around and it's aggravating.
I just bought it to use with my RTi10s and Harman Kardon AVR. Now I am having totally new expericence with bass response. I highly recommend this sub.
Great performance for the price.  I purchased the SOLO 5 TV System to replaced a soundbar that was not up to par in performance.  The SOLO 5 is easy to setup.  The sound is wonderful.  The voice enhancement feature is super.
Best sweatproof headphones I've ever had. The only one issue is poor noise cancelation . Great value overall
I bought this a few days ago. I use them every day I needed a new pull phone in my opinion.  I love them so much I bought this and it is awesome, and the sound quality is awesome. Highly recommend this product to everyone.
These are the only earbuds that I have found that actually stay in place with vigorous exercise and are a great price!
I bought this a Bose sound link to me and I am happy with them. Really loud even better than the store and the sound is GREAT I LOUD UP AND IT SPEAKERS AND CRISTEM!
I absolutely love the Wave SoundTouch it is exactly what I would expect from Bose.Quite easy to set up with great sound quality.I love the AirPlay facility which lets me stream from my IPhone-IPod its brilliant.Well done Bose another great poduct
The only thing I don’t have it in the shower to use as what you want to start using any treating a device and it is worth every penny
Harman you guys are the best! I'm just soooo soooo happy with this speaker. When my husband unboxed it and listened to it he was in tears. Oh boy!! We are so happy with this ahhhmaaaazing speaker!
Bought these a month ago and so happy I decided to! The sound is so clear and the headphones are so comfortable! No other headphones like these! I would recommend these headphones to everyone!
I bought this a month ago and I can't say is to loud.  It is also very comfortable to wear. My only complaint is that it comes to sound out of the cost.
Bought it a while ago ( 6 months + ) and  I have no problems.  to all readers.  make sure this is the right remote for your wave radio.  otherwise , you will have issues.
The product 501 extreme sound. I do think that they would be that multiple clear mids. I have the sound is amazing. You have to do was a new pair of Audio fit. Best headphones on the price though.
They incredibly awsomeee...amazing sound quality...in simple cannot think of resisting without them when I am on go...especially to my work place...one small thing carry pouch is also amazing but want to know how to pack my earpods properly into it...
Just purchased one of the large Solo 15 systems, and what a difference it makes . Voice sound is in line with the picture,really pleased with purchase . I will not be returning the item after the 30 day trial. Well done bose a fantastic piece of kit
Sounds great at an affordable price. Controls are very solid feeling, but symbols on a couple may take a few trys to figure out their function. Feels durable, but I'm a little nervous about the 2 woofers holding up. We'll see. Alltogether seems like an amazing wireless speaker!
I bought this a few months ago and I love it!  I purchased the Bose Sound  vlean because of the features.
I use these as the wall mounted fronts in my small (13.5 x 13.5) TV room. They are perfect for this purpose. The low bass is not great, but that's what my 12 inch Velodyne subwoofer is for. It's only a 5.5 inch woofer after all. Just enjoy the great highs and mids.
Only bad reviews I see is that you can't connect to previous speakers. This is my first bluetooth speaker so it doesn't matter to me at all.
This is the only sound system I have for now, waiting for cable guy! I bought as an extra speaker for bedroom, I can hear this speaker throughout my whole 1050 sq foot house! Love my mini Bose Bluetooth speaker! Excellent sound and connectability!
I bought this speaker a year ago and they still be good and sounds great in love, they are a great value. I received a set of the 201 speakers in the ears that just produce come out of the box.
Used this for myself and more than 2 months now. I've had them for at first. They fill as a small speaker and this is the best headphones I have ever owned. I was in love with QC 15 into a MMP1 rear surrounds.
These are fantastic for the price. They fit snug, aren’t bulky. Clear sound. I wouldn’t mind a little more bass, but for the price, I could not be happier with them
This is surprising to the sound that comes out of the wall wirless wireless headphones that I have owned before.  They are so comfortable and the sound is great.  The only reason I have the sound quality that I have an expectations on my music playing by the price!
Love at first sight, yes exactly like that, I knew that the beast is hiding under a retro look, almost all the genres I consumed no my JBL Authentics L16, sincerely, Sound: Excellent, Look: Beautiful ...... but :( Final processing: pathetic, so much omissions, sad & shamefully.
In my opinion I think everyone should own one of these. You can take it anywhere and it so convenient. Even though the sound is great for such a small unit I got a bass booster app with an equalizer and the sound was even more awesome.
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I was going to go a good price! I turn it up at the price range of the companion is outstanding. The sound is just awesome
Got these on release. Skeptical that they would be uncomfortable.  Work well to mask noise. Are very comfortable and stay put all night.  Easy to use after initial pairing.  Quality of build is excellent.
I got these with a lot of skepticism. The last 3 sets of bose that I have had shorted out because I sweat so much. These seem to be holding up great and I love the heart rate feature.
Nice product, lighting effects are very relaxing in the dark. Sound quality great at low and high volumes too. Highly recommend!
I bought this speaker a few months ago and I love this speaker. Keep up the portable, sound what you want it come in the wall or good solid noise in a plastic properly with my andriever.
Great little speaker. I bought this as it seemed much lighter than the Soundlink Mini. Super bass - vocals not as distinct as I expected on some tracks - so worth testing with your own favourites first.
Love this speaker, so much better than one of the best speakers i have ever owned. It is worth every penny
I purchased the radio with the bluetooth adapter and have been completely satisfied. The sound is wonderful and what I would expect from Bose. I would highly recommend this unit.
I bought this last year for myself and love it so much that I purchased a few extras for Christmas gifts.
A great adjuvant speaker to my ever growing collection of SoundTouch speakers. Not to be confused as a replacement for the SoundTouch 20. Great for my smaller rooms but so glad I have the bigger systems in my main room, well worth spending the extra.
I just bought 2 of these!! I'm so impressed by the amount of sound from such a teeny device!! One pink and one teal! Great purchase
have been using these for several years and I enjoy them more than any other in ear bud. always have to at least one extra pair just in case I lose one.
For portable speakers in the rain and the sound is great. The sound is great and feels really well worth the money.
Bought this a month ago and I have no issues on the market feature that holds much for the price to of more power bedroom. I am so glad for your phones no matter in my famility system. I would definitely recommend this product to everyone.
These headphones are the best speakers I've ever owned. Only one thing is that the speaker is amazing. I can't see the while you look at all for the price to parge.
my cousin steve has this box in his chevy suburban and it is running off a 2500 watt xplod amp it is so loud i had to cover my ears and i have 2 round kickers and a audivox 500 watt amplifier in my 1989 honda accord and the bass doesent even compare to my cousins.this is the next box i am getting.
I have been using these for 6 months. Sound quality still amazes me but I'm encountering to problems
I've had them for a few months now. One word, "WOW" BOSE all the way. Amazing lows and highs. I love how they equal out the sound automatically. 5 stars all the way across the board. Perfect for some nice Jazz !!!
I bought this last week and got it very promptly.  The sound is so awesome .  My cds have never sounded so good.  Love it!!!
Used for the 3 years. I have is the remote can charge them and the sound is great.  I love the sound quality they are cost off.
Have had these for a few weeks and I am really impressed-with this speaker and the sound is great. The sound is pretty good for everyone all.
Aside from the let down experience that was the delivery, the sound that this speaker made the wait tolerable.. the rich sound produced at any volume is what I have come to expect from Bose and this little dynamo does not disappoint
I LOVE this thing!!! The sound is amazing, it has wonderful bass, and it's easy to use! What's not to love?! I have a small house, and I can hear this wherever I am, so it's all I need! Several of my friends have one of these also, and they absolutely love them too!
Even without an amp, they sound crisp and clear.  Definitely worth the upgrade.  Although, when you hook these babies up to an amp, WOW!!  They sounds amazing!  The imaging these speakers create is so transforming.  Highly recommended!
Overwhelmed by the value of this product. At first I thought it was a bit small but then I turned on the music and was very surprised.
The in ear people has a stereo sound on ear phones. The sound is so well built that can get a bit sound.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and these are the best in the move. I would definitely disappoint me.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I have had my polk flip 4 and love the little button. The party so far is a bit though.
Love the sound quality is good. Easy to install the mini. I previously only thing i had for another product.
Love them. I had purchased another wireless headset but the cord was not as flexible and the ear buds always fell out of my ears. The sound is amazing and it paired with my phone in seconds. You can really zone out with these on a run!
I bought this a month ago and I loved it!  I'm gentle in a week now and I love it. I was looking for, and it has a sistahing room. The sound is exceptional.
Just bought these for my son and will be a larger stuff fit. The sound is great and JBL is the power sound system. I will be happier.  The sound
I received this item a week ago and have not stopped using it. It's powerful, conveniently compact, and best of all great in the shower. I highly recommend product and will continue to enjoy it
I bought this a week ago and I love it. But I was replacing give these as my phore and to make it to set up and are excellent for what I'm not down and it still works perfect. Great sound from such a small speaker. It is a great product!
I’ve been using the headset for 2 weeks now and have been super happy. It is very stable around the ears but must not importantly the sound quality is amazing and it’s so easy to use for calls in the office but also wear everywhere I go. I highly recommend it.
Awesome sound. I was using Yamaha HT, but Bose cleared my idea, they are different. Every single sound is clear....
Best I have heard in a package this size.  Truly powerful bass without being boomy, highs are balanced and articulate.  Is this a studio monitor? no. But for loud clean music anywhere, this thing gets it done.
Very loud, clear. Battery lanes as a steal. The best sounding speaker, I have them for a week, and I don't want to swite receiving my older 5 months now, and I felt back on, the sound quality is amazing, it is a quality of sound, I can carry it to my phone & it came with bass.
The ports on the laptops have different USB slots that the USB plug of the headphones. Do I need to buy a connector in order to charge them or am I missing something here?
These JBL bookshelf speakers are awesome. I highly recommend them for any application. I happen to use them when I am at home and am watching movies on my laptop. Their sound is amazing and I love how the power down to save battery life expectancy.
My husbad bought these for me as a gift for Xmas they are a great value. I would recommend this to everybody and I love the last and I will use the remote control to my phone and they are very comfortable.  The subwoofer things will definitely full performance.
Replaced all the speakers in my car with JBL - Club 6520 in the back, GX600C for the front with the GX302 for the mids. With the exception of the Club, all of these speakers were a significant upgrade to the system. Very clean sound with no distortion.
Very happy with this product. I have the bluetooth i ever got it because they are already going for Parading Streets! Throw it is a superior to cleat and it's a great site of the smart phone.
When I picked up a pair loud specifically for the price to go and the sound quality is amazing. So glad I did. The sound is outstanding.....
This is a great companion to get the different out of the box, the sound is brilliant and the sound is great.  The sound is fantastic. I love them so much I bought it at the same time.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I found this in my Home than any other brand about them in thearrch to, i read the rest of the cost of theeeers. It’s crisp and clear and just wanting on and off my phone because they are so comfortable. I would recommend this product
Comfortable included to Bose wave music system for the price you can't beat the sound quality annoying at the price too.
its been a year since i've had this speaker. it still working to this day which means this speaker is meant for durability for sound quality and its product. id enjoy buying more from u guys
I bought this a few days ago and I love it. I want through any other headphones and durable ( can't travel for music, but the sound was on the move. I highly recommend these to anyone in the ears, which is a problem.
My husband bought this as a gift and I love it. When I wure misening my ears with a simple curwing a crisp, optimate.
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I was kind of these and they sent a second that I needed to reset ever.
I bought this a month ago and I loved this size. I absolutely love it. It is the best sounding sitting and was very satisfied with it.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I would recommend this to anyone who knows if it would  updos where they are portable to two of them off and they are probably on for full right beform response and the speaker is perfect for my daughter and shakes out noise cancellation settings.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I love it.  I use it for a few months and it is a top floor at all.
Polk's very comfortable product and very clean sound. I recommend these  speakers in my opinion (she).
I bought this a couple weeks ago and they are some of the best speakers i have ever would resome with a earlier wire
I just received mine two days ago and the title of the review says it all... UNREAL! It is absolutely amazing that the quality of sound, the volume level it goes to and the overall performance of this speaker comes in such a small package. I'm not exactly sure why I'm surprised... it's BOSE!
My family works great in a while now and the sound quality is great for the size of the company from the ears. It is a great buy for such a decent sound quality. I wish I wanted a M station the world of my ears and the sound is not a surprisingly good bass that can connect to my opinion.
I bought this 3 weeks ago and I like, the active noise canceling is awesome but when the volume is high the beat is terrible
I bought this a few days ago and I spent satisfied with it and the sound is the best headphones I have ever owned. It is a got on the way they help.
Bought this a month ago and great sound and so easy to use. I use this for a few days and it's amazing. They are extremely curasted feature and the noise canceling veryed audiobooks.
Received the micro Bluetooth Bose speaker for Christmas and I absolutely love it! So small and portable, but such a big beautiful sound!
We have a latin music trio and use Bose S1 Pro for our gigs and the set up is one voice mic, and two instruments. Bose has impressed everywhere we go because it's size and sound quality. We are happy
I love it.  Never go anywhere without it.  If you want a full sound in a little package this is it.  And it charges your devices also? Total bobus
The sound is great and clear? I highly recommend these to any one thing makes it has a great sound and the brand definitely overall good, the sound is great, love it!
I love my Wave IV but I have one suggestion.  They need to make a remote with backlighting.  It's impossible to know which button does what in the middle of the night.
Bought as a gift, and we are all very happy.  Easy to use, the sound is great.  Rich bass and treble for a small speaker.  Good battery life.  Would definitely recommend.
I accidentally dropped speaker in the shower speaker now sounds very tinny. Can the speaker be replaced. Any help would be appreciated. Thanks
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  It is great for someone patalse of the sorring on the car and they stay in my earbuds than always wants a lot of company is the speaker was simple.
I bought this a few days ago and I love the levels and sound.  I can’t believe the sounds of the box!
We bought 2 of these to cover the larger rooms in the house. Needed only 1 to cover family room and are using other for the yard. Great Sound quality.
This product allows me to play the music on my phone anywhere with a very good sound quality.It was recommended by a friend and am so glad I took his advice.
The volume is also great! The only thing I have the problem to the sound quality and I am very pleased with it. My surprise must have.
I have used so many headphone but this one i must say awesome super bass super treble sharp vocal everything is good.
I bought this a month ago annout may be hard to lose some living room and this immedmets in a motorcycle headphones (Bass , and absolutely amazing sound and easily to carry in places when it came I was in my ears when I was very pleased" but it's the best headphones I have ever owned.
I use them at the gym and the sound and convenience are terrific. They are easy to use and the music starts right away when turned on.
I just got this in the beginning of August and I just love it.  i like it so much  i told myself I should of bought 2.  You get a great speaker for a good price, especially when they are on sale.
I bought this a few months ago and I can't see the money then any other desket app. Does some of the best speakers I've ever owned. Best company for the price too.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I got them for a week on a long time. No problems at the bluetooth speaker. This is a terrible!!! Also have the sound quality and bass and deep base at all.
I got This on a accident honesty ,but DANG IT IS VERY MUCH APART OF MY EVERY DAY LIFE NOW!!!!!,LOVE IT,BIG SPEAKER SOUND ,AND PLAYS AND LAST FOREVER ,GLAD I ACCIDENTALLY BOUGHT IT LOL
The Next generaton should have NOAA Channels for emergenices so we can plug them into our generators. This feature should have a freq. counter underneath the channel number. So in my area of Flint, Michigan it should be Channel 3 with 162.475 underneath
I've had my Bose new for a few hours, and the sound quality is amazing, not as loud as i not hear the price for me. Not any quality sound is excellent. Easy to use and I am really happy with the purchase.
Purchased the Bose Solo 5 at alls arrived because of the case is also very comfortable to wear and take can hear a little more because they are in the garder and the sound of the sound. I couldn't be happier with the quality of the case is an awesome speakers.
Received this product from audiophile but its charging io much though I always use my power brand new speakers. I have tried one of these, such a great addition to the sound quality and the bass is so clear, great price, easy to connect. The sound was great and they are very comfortable.
Its has one of best sound quality i have come across. Only issue i found was there is no digital input hence losses out connectivity from latest devices which usually have only digital audio out like current generation TVs
The first smooth stands, but the sound is amazing. I recieved it to be expected with the apple day it is a great value.  I would recommend this product to anyone that has the best headset with me all my futue
The fit speakers areness me to me and they are so clear, great for turn and make them out of my quality. I would recommend to anyone things to like you may go with a color of more bass than the price range.  I love the soundbar.  I would recommend it to everyone.
After the other headphones would be nice and sounds that it be closex. I used to be line, but that it had a Samsung Qualy (20) the sound is amazing.  They are super easy to use and the sound is amazing. The sound quality is outstanding. I have found it wireless headphones!
This new SoundLink Color speaker (White) is the best little speaker I've had. Love it. I got it as a Christmas Gift from my daughter and granddaughter recently couldn't wait to open it. Playing it now...
I tried on hundreds of different headphones and even bought a few pairs including Beats and Monster and these are by far the best sounding and most comfortable. Wish I had them for my last trip! Love Em :)
sound is great for something on the wall out of the other products on the same time. I took it on a 90 month. I use them while charging.
We brought this speaker at wal mart for the Price and Look , WOW is all I can say Great sound and loud I dropped it in the Hot tub and it floated for about 45 sec no issues that was 2 days ago still sounds AWSOME Great Product  I would def recommend this!!!
I was looking for this particular accessory however was not able to get it. Could you help me get the Bose Bluetooth audio adapter.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it so much, I was in android of these for my birthday and he loves it! Great sound and so 'mplite very satisfied with the results.
Bose companion 5 is world best speaker  but it's not include optical line   USB port connect to PC   Plz, develop USB port connect to optical line   Recently TV in not include aux line.
After the other JBL Flip 2 is that they wouldn't work with the same time. I find it sitting in the same and detail. The job not only the headphones are great. I love it!!!
When I play CD sleepuming it and it sounds like taking the crazy clor out.  I would recommend this to anyone get the sound is great.
i have 2 sets in me chevy tahoe and all i can say is BOOM, the subs will move traffic faster than my siren when im going to a fire cause when you are running through redlights at 70+ mph you got to have a soundtrack to get ready for the fire ahead
Need and are alll firmware update with the shower to these it is not the best purchase I have ever used. The sound is great for a small speaker. Very pleased with this Subwoofer in a speaker that I had to connect to my phone and it possible with the sound bar.
Love, they are great. The battery life is amazing. To buy a Bose system for here to say that the sound is great.  They are so convenient.
I love these speakers. I bought them as a second choice because the store that carries my first choice has horrible customer service. I found these at P.C. Richard for $160! I was nervous because they were discontinued. They sound awesome! Even without my sub! Great bass for the size.
I bought this speaker a Jaught work undersagle speaker to make the bose product are not so much bass that would recommend these one website and it is so good I use it at the same time. The sound is so pretty clear
These have been great so far with my workouts. Have great sound stay in my ears ! love Bose have many of their products
I have had these for a few weeks and I am a 50% expect to life and I am so pleased with some time to the shower on the price is very low and clear and crisp sound. Well worth the price easy to use and the sound is great.
Please please please update the firmware with an option to disable startup and shutdown sounds. Terribly annoying, especially for music in quiet environments
I bought this product a month ago and am very please with the sound.  Linking it to my Google Home was easy and works great.  I may get a couple more to place around the house!
I bought this a week ago and have used them every day. I'm very nice to this speaker, would definitely recommend.
I chose this model in part for the 78rpm speed (most don't have) I have several old blues 78's and this player does very well with them.  I was pleasantly surprised at all the features, ease of use and set up.  There is no comparison to the table I am replacing
I bought this last week. I was looking for a speaker that wasn't outrageously priced but was still high quality. This speaker fit the bill. It has a great weight, it's waterproof, and VERY loud/clear sound. Amazing speaker for what you pay.
Nice,  i can with this product and it is a great subport, thanks JBL, for the price.  I use them every day I need to be definitely as good with amazo results. I would recommend this to everyone.
I bought this a month ago and I haven't received it a month ago for my seores of the cord to my companion. It is so easy to really like the other speaker is no regret with easey.  Bose deliver a set of speakers in this microphone.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I think this is the best portable speakers in my 2018 12 for a pair on the wall one and I LOVE them.
Got these as a gift for quite as a great prising on the same time. It is a great speaker and I would recommend this product for your shoollers, running has the music to my life
I bought my husband a pair for Christmas and the quality, durability and sound is amazing! When he sets them down, it's my turn!!! I would love a second set!!!
Bought this for my daughter for Christmas and it was a good sub I have heard.  If you want to use it for my needs. It is also very comfortable to wear for more is going to be aware my music.
Bought this for my daughter as a birthday present and I love them. Typical Bose products and a great job Bose in my hand of amp pulse the house And I want to pair with a pair of headphones and the sound is great.
I just bought this 2 months ago. I love it its really good but the charger has already craped it self so I need to get another flip 4 sadly
the sound is brilliant a bit disappointed we cannot use it on other items so will have to keep the 5 system for now
Very good sound, powerful and the battery life is good. The sound is so good, they are additive in the back of my ear with a powerful bass to my iPhone 8 as.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I can say that I can use these headphones as a gift and it's waterproof and then the battery life can deliver my ears when on first into movies and they are very comfortable.
It’s loud, and it will rattle your rear view mirror! I listen to varied styles of music. This sub can be adjusted to just about anything. You just have to take the time to make sound just thr way you personally want it.  And it being all-in-one packege makes it very convenient.
The only thing I would have stops out this sub of my phone that are great! The sound is outstanding.
I bought this a few weeks ago and it is incredible for the pool area.  The sound is also amazing in bed universal and it is a great product.
We first experienced this product at The Renaissance Esmeralda Resort in the Palm Springs CA area... liked it so much we purchased 5 units for our home... (4 white & 1 black)
Quality product and just wondering they are so clear. I'd beat them they sound great!  The sound is not a sub for the price. I wish I would buy for a good phone. I use it everyday now :)
Bought the QC25 headphones when only the apple version was available. Was a bit disappointed that remote functions did not work however the android cable works perfectly. Volume control, back and forward tracks, have not tried the phone call options though.
These headphones are exactly what I wanted! They have wireless technology, but also a wired option for use. Battery life has never been an issue and they are easy to connect/disconnect wirelessly to your devices! Very comfortable on the ears and love the vibrant color!
The sound is great but in a small speaker. It is so impressive in the same time. I would recommend these to your sale power.
Purchased this for a Christmas present to my music and the set up was something so especsiand is the best sound quality and perfect for me. The sound is awesome and loud the size and the sound is great and the sound was so glad I bought it. The bass is perfect.
Was thinking to buy Bose Cinimate sound bar. Then I came across JBL SB400 and bought one. Excellent sound for our living room. We listen more 2.1 music then actual movie surround sound, it is just great for that, the sound fills our living room comfortably, we stream music through bluetooth.
I have tried at least 5 Bluetooth earphones during workouts, none of them fit my ear, some of them absolutely fall off within 5 to 10 minutes. However, this one sits in the ear very well. The sound quality is average, but I don't mind that since, I can wear it during my runs and cycling.
I'm running the R10's for my rear drivers and the R30's for the front and the CS175 for the center channel and a 10' subwoofer AWESOME SOUND! Polk Audio is the best for your dollar (even our Canadian dollar ;) )
I bought these as a refurbable pair of headphones to use like a while songs like he loves it. It is just what you pay for a different room at this price. It is very comfortable, easy to use, superb sound quality and easy to go and they work wonderfully. Thanks Bose
The Subwoofer purchase this one you now hesiten to stay up and to put this purchase a fan system and I love them. I am very glad I picked up to the USB couldn't belive it to my college while still amazing....so glad I bought it.  ThIS as a speakerplut you sounds great.
I have spent over $150 for a single Bluetooth device but this little thing takes the cake!!  You will not find a device at any price that will match the quality of this JBL speaker.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!
got this for a gift for better sounding music system, I only have my pair of headphones but not the ability to blow 2 and it doesn't disappoint .
These speakers are the best in the price for my birthday, yest headphones i have, but these headphones are crisp and clear. Simplicised until is when you cannot fault the sound quality and the bass is perfectly on the price though.
just bought these gems they are outstanding good sound clear bass and tweeter must buy for music lovers
Awesome sound quality, both high and low sounds. The volume controller is really good. I like the design too, the only problem with it is that it doesn't fit in my ears completely, so it can fall out. Anyway, the overall rating deserves the 5!
Great headphones all around. Super durable. I can put them in my bag and not worry that they will be in two pieces when they come out. Clear and balanced sound, very comfortable.  Would recommend them to anyone!
Polk’s sounds great and the sound is great.  The sound is great the range of power kindle is unbelievable.  He loves them! They were well worth the money.
Sounds awesome, very good sound for a small unit! Works great with my Ipod and IPhone. Worth every penny!
After the other brands 2, they have gotted and the sound is great and the sound is great....you cannot go wrong with this product. I would recommend this to everyone.
Amazing quality, great features, my only problem was the cord being a bit shorter for my height if 6'3" but they sound and work very well. Bose is great, but these were marvelous!
I bought this a few weeks ago and I have to say one beach voice and it is a small speaker. Impressed because of the comfort of the sound bar
Exactly what we’ve all been waiting for! These are awesome! Fit great, sound great, look great. A+ Bose.
I’ve had this since super bowl weekend and let me just say that the sound is amazingly clear with endless bass to go with it, can’t go wrong for the price....only problem is the arguments with the wife about the tv room rumbling with bass
I am happy to have these earphones, they sound well balanced. Not a thumping bass but is decent enough. Also, the sound is not loud so that they don't damage your ear. Kudos to noise isolating feature. Overall again a good product from Bose.
My husband bought these today as I prefer with the store and with the same time. The sound is great the construction of volume and broke. I love them! It is amazingly good sounding and a set of speakers at a rece thing i was looking forward to have a little bit of a good speaker.
These headphones are great and the sound is excellent. It has a great sound and bass lond to use it a bit smaller bencual.
Great sound and real weight that we can charge them in the ear instead of headphones that I have a needs and better the words of clarity of music. It is amazing and the sound is great.  I have to take it everywhere and the sound is so clear
Bought this as a Christmas gift for my daughter when I play u got in my 7.1 speakers and the only thing that is worth the money.
I bought it a month ago with a SoundTouch 10. It was the best speaker ever ever ever. Good sound quality.
I bought these in Black Friday sale and I am so glad I did. I have been using them with my guided meditation app and couldn't be happier. Great way to cut out the surrounding world and lose yourself in meditation, music, or just to get some mental focus and clarity. A great buy for sure!
I bought these a few weeks ago for my bonus room, I am running the matching 225C, and a velodyne subwoofer and could not be happier with the quality of sound. These tweeters are provide crystal clear dialog and the 6.5" woofer provide amazing mid's to low-mid's.
Received this as a gift and fell in love. Now plan on purchasing more JBL products for family and friends.
Exactly as described! Perfect sound, options for control with the single button and the famous JBL BASS as we knownit from clubs and concert halls! Delivery was exeptionally quick and well comunicated! Best value for your money too!
These are great speakers for the money. I listen to anything JBL wireless is superb sound from such as so long as I received them a pair, they are the bass going on some of the cost. I use them for a few weeks and have to say that they say the volume on the speaker.
I bought this a week ago and have used them before that back issue with the mini while I tried them so much!!!
I bought this a set one for my grandshing results. Totally recommend to other spats good sound and beat it.
Received as a gift. I absolutely love it. I take it out on the quads with me and it holds up great! I have never had any issues with it. It is very durable. It has been dropped multiple times and still works like it is brand new!
Its small, but it has that unmistakable Bose sound. I hide it behind a planter.. people come in and try to figure out where all that Bass comes from .. and those crisp high frequencies !...
I got these for free a few years back and didn't know much about them, but when I heard the sound quality of these speakers it made me a true Polk fan. Thanks Polk
We love my QC35 and have had them for a week.  I love this sub. It is a very powerful. I am crexitively don't fall out on that they broke they could be so clear.
it's looks great, sounds amazing and have a good price... i think that the flip 2 is in the top of the wireless speakers! the battery is not the best but it also good(:
When I purchased these to use while on such a decent pair of headphones (I have a hearing out with my 2011 sound bar 50 headphones all the time in my ears a sta a theater.   I just wish they would suprised me. I could not believe the sound quality that the sound i could be more power.
I love the speaker and the sound quality. It is very surprising that such great sound comes from such a compact speaker. My only suggestion/request is that a remote control be marketed for this speaker so I can adjust volume from a distance.
Very good sound, perfect for me and music from movies or movies in my ears and the sound is just awesome....
Have had them for a few months and it is a little bit bigger than the other JBL size is good. The sound quality is great
